The mysterious man flung back the hood that had previously covered his face. The hearth's flame flickered as if in response, causing the stranger's shadow to dance angrily against the door behind him—the only way out. At one point a shadow looked like a bunny rabbit hopping lol.

Aragorn handed Frodo a giant turkey leg from the Shire County Fair food tent.
"Why do you look so disappointed, Master Baggins?"
Frodo looked at his food. "I don't think this is a very good Festival Turkey Leg. If it were, I should think it would look fairer and feel fowler."

Sobbing, Peter handed over his infant son to Glibjolb the Interstellar Dominator, Son of Mehrab the Painful.
"Just take him! If it means no one else on Earth shall die!"
"What do you say to the nice man, Glibjolb? scolded Mehrab."
"Glorrrrp youuuu," intoned Glibjolb reluctantly.

@MrZoeyRoss @Fearless_Fred @DaveScheidt No idea... Fixed it!

"I don't know if I am free on the morrow, young squire," John said to the intern. "Let me gaze through the looking glass into the world of CALENDAR!" John pulled out his phone and thumbed through his apps. Everyone in the board room was looking at him like he was fuckin' crazy.

Nitro woke to the sound of laser cars whirring past her apartment window. "Might as well get up," she muttered as she headed to the laser coffee maker. Using her laser scissors, she opened a new bag of laser ground coffee and—did I mention this is the future? Well, it is.

"He's devious," said Alam. "I heard tale the man cuts out both his victim's eyes and makes them watch as he feeds them to his dogs."
"How do they watch?" asked Reddy.
"Eh?"
"How do they watch if they ain't got eyes?"
"Eh?"
To Reddy's horror, he saw Alam's ears had been cut off.

"My name is Alodrus and I'm addicted to white magic," Alodrus told the room.
"Hello Alodrus," everyone replied.
"I once let another wizard practice the brown arts all over my chest to get enough mana to heal myself until I passed out," he sobbed.

XZomrikka beings Hjj and Zu continued to reminisce.
"Remember when we were but merely jchlinglies?!" chortled Hjj as his memory glands spurted nostalgia fluid on the floor. The waiter slipped in it and fondly remembered slipping as a child at his family's cabin on Europa.

@Korial16 https://t.co/OZAVrf3kE4

CHOOSE YOUR OWN ADVENTURE: POINT AND CLICK FANTASY EDITION
pg 1287:

If you attempt to combine the dragon toenail and the cyclops bra, turn to page 8,277.

If you attempt to combine the dragon toenail and the bracelet of horrors, turn to page 927,774.

If you attempt to combine—

The evil sorcerer kept casting Flaming Parakeet at everything in town. The townsfolk's homes caught aflame, sure, but the sound of the parakeets screaming in terror and agony had the real lasting effects.

"Gandalf..."
"Gandalf? Yes... that is what they used to call me. Gandalf the Grey. I am Gandalf the 𝐖𝐡𝐢𝐭𝐞."
"I didn't say Grey."
"It sounded like you were about to say Grey. That's why I was confused."
"So what should we call you?"
"Gandalf is fine."

@PFTompkins I appreciate it!

"...and this is the stableboy of Cryptocurenncia Castle," introduced Lord Varna.
"Oh, he's big! What's your name, young man?" asked the visiting Lord.
"HODL!" replied Hodl.
"Interesting name, what's it mean?"
Lord Varna shrugged. "Fuck if I know. He's not the smartest."

"The Goblin army advances! Prepare yourselves!" shouted the general to her archers.
Luckily for her, the enemy was made up entirely of goblin millennials. They just stared at their phones the whole time and complained about the heat until they shambled into arrow range.

Upon peering at the Box of the Revenant, Dr. Kim's face started melting off. If his face could talk, it might have said, "I'm so weary of being elastic. It's time I became a liquid, I think." However, it wasn't his face's idea to melt off, so that'd be an odd thing for it to say.

He approached his target in the dark while making no noise, like a legless cricket. Also like a legless cricket, he was unable to attract a mate.

Erdaor's numchuck skills were undeniable. Orc after orc fell to mighty numchuck blows. The numchucks were a blur of shimmering death. His travel companion, Numb Chuck, couldn't believe his eyes.

King Solomon was against war so much that is subjects would never consider him bloodthirsty. They were much more likely to call him waterthirsty or foodhungry or sleeptired.

@CaptainOfBeard @TenzanTR They're we go! Your getting it!

Honest mistake. And quite frankly, its downright embarrassing. https://t.co/RRrCn8vGpK

The Space General pointed to the battle map and detailed the mission with the precision of scientific space directions. “We will strike here. Just to the upside-down and upward leftish of Planet Blagh, which is  righty-tighty turny-lurny and 80° un-westish of it’s third moon.”

@Keyblader007 @iAmFiatcha https://t.co/0UGFFpQF5T

Each night, two hours after sunset, Nigel Plaskit would drink heartily and regale guests of the Mangy Badger Inn with tales of adventure. And three hours after sunset he would pass out, allowing the bar’s patrons to take what they wanted from his many pockets, bags, and satchels.

You are there… Guess who's in the grave? https://t.co/7QzRqKmM1y

He stood at the grave which was right under the shade of a huge whopper of a goddamned tree. He was crying, which isn’t even remotely dumb. Crying is a normal part of life, dweeb-dick. Though, the sunset he was looking at was pure fucking shit.

One of Igam the Ravager's more sinister implements was what he called the "Slide of Viscera." It was just like Crocodile Mile, except instead of water it was coated in blood. Victims would run, then slide, hit the bump and take a dive – into more blood. Then they'd be murdered.

@musicalmuchacho Hessa is 1/8th Dragon.

“You’ll never escape my Time Prison!” laughed the evil Grandpa Klok as Hessa barely made a 9:30 appointment. “And since your car is running on empty, you’d better find the time to get gas before heading to the grocery store after work tomorrow!”

Looking forward to this show. And before you don’t ask @Joshstrangehill, yes, we’re available to help write season 2. @Netflix
https://t.co/1q7I55ZKth

The werewolf turns into a minotaur riding a wolfhorse. Hope this helps! https://t.co/dAqaX36ZXP

@pattonoswalt Good question.

"Never travel far without a rope!" said the elf as he finished tying the noose.

Professor Feathermane, the Human-sized Scientist Rooster Soldier, tossed a 400 Gigawatt Nuclear Grenade into enemy lines and ducked behind a dilapidated Hydro Tank for cover.
The flash was as bright as a thousand suns.
“Cock-a-doodle-doo, cyborg scum,” Feathermane clucked.

In one fluid motion, Tezza's sword split the alien down its middle. Gaseous alien blood steamed out like an intergalactic tea pot.
“Tea’s ready,” she said to herself and then chuckled. Now she wanted tea. “I wish tea was ready,” she whispered.
“What?” said the alien as it died.

An immense portal opened and the mutant armies spilled out like some sort of mutant-army-flavored pasta sauce, slowly covering that hot plate of spaghetti that simple folks like us call Earth.

@A_Brexshit_bed On where???? Our feed? All of Twitter? The internet? On Earth? plz respond

“I can smell your thoughts...” whispered Thaklor the Mind-Sniffer. “You are here to kill— no...wait...now you’re thinking about— oh... no, please... Please! Stop thinking about old buckets of diarrhea, dude!” Thaklor gagged.

@mradamscott Brutal. Too far. Hope no kids see this.

Dedication:

To my editor: me. Because I certainly don't need to pay someone to do something I can do msyefl.

Book 1 and 2 in our comedy science fiction series "The Rockman Chronicles" are free for Kindle and Kindle apps this weekend! 

WARNING: The Rockman Chronicles has been shown to cause sadness in people who don't own a spaceship. May also cause diarrhea.

https://t.co/tscWlkHi0E

The man standing next to the King was wearing all white. His mustache and beard were white as well. Everything about him was as white as a peeled potato. His eyebrows were as brown as a boiled potato that wasn’t peeled. He was also holding a potato.

"A raven from the town of Intyrnet, m'lord."

"Let me see that." The king opened the letter.

-- An evil wizard jester attacked our town with one spell and Intyrnet can't stop laughing. Can you save us? 99% of kings will get it wrong! --"

Scientist Rick Pienti lives a relatively normal life… that is, until the day he  invents a working time machine! But when Rick passes out from the  g-force of his maiden voyage, he's sent barreling through space-time completely unconscious in "PAST-OUT". In book stores Jan 1.

The evil Hangman threw his deadly noose at the heroes. They dodged deftly. "Sorry, Hangman," Jellena said as she readied her axe, "but all your efforts have been for knot."

"The first draft is long and full of errors," warned the well-read woman.

"Captain, the atmosphere on this strange new planet is 100% helium!"
The crew jumped outside in unrestrained glee to fill their balloons, forgetting their spacesuits. They died slowly, suffocating between hilariously high-pitched gasps for breath and squeaky screams of terror.

"I'm from the future," he told Ted. "I was sent back to study human rage by slightly spoiling popular TV show story arcs with subtle remarks."
"The future is sad," said Ted.
"Yes, much like how I felt about what happens to Eli in the very popular show Alien Quest next season."

@JimmyTrosper Himself! He's one of five backers who were made into custom authors for our Kickstarter campaign.

Pre-order Awful Fantasy Adventures while there is still time! Get in on the awful, cooperative, card game action!
https://t.co/i2qndV8mRh

"I felt a great disturbance in the Force," said Obi-Wan, "as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror. One was a Wilhelm scream."

I've decided to release my entire 12 book anthology for free! On Twitter! Here it is: (THREAD) 1/63,214

"I penetrated the mighty clam with my trident and came as soon as I heard your voice on the phone," said Aquaman. Batman was uncomfortable.

"Watch for dungeon traps like the peer-pressure plate. It opens a spike pit," said Lug. "Though, sounds like a cool way to go if y'ask me."

@According2Robyn Loved Kate Reading on the Wheel of Time books!

Glad you enjoyed it! We have a new one on @Kickstarter right now!

https://t.co/4uTtAl3r1B https://t.co/FVmur9g84g

"Batman, I really feel like a part of something special when I'm inside your damp, gaping Bat-hole."
"BatCAVE, Robin. Damp, gaping BatCAVE."

Awful Fantasy Adventures Kickstarter is now live! Join the fun!
https://t.co/4uTtAl3r1B

@According2Robyn What does replying to this tweet mean?

Boromir: Orcs!
Gandalf: Ready yourselves!
Boromir: They have a cave troll!
Gandalf: ...Never yield!
Boromir: Is that a Balrog?
Gandalf: https://t.co/NssgHUZnha

@Heslin They backed our custom author card pledge tier in our Kickstarter for Awful Fantasy: The Card Game. They got to be authors in the game.

@DrDanyo Sorry to hear. Hopefully the new game gets to you quickly!

The cosmic being slumbered in a separate reality. A deity so horrifically unfathomable, merely contemplating its fart would drive you mad.

@DrDanyo Send an email with your shipping info to awfulfantasygames@gmail.com and we'll get it sorted for you.

"I pledge myself to the Queen," said the Knight. He was decked out in his metal onesie, complete with fancy arm board and giant knife.

Awful Fantasy Games store is now up. If you missed the KS, get your game here: https://t.co/xsIG02WOMN https://t.co/QFF2OmAIlP

@MaslowJax Hi! Our store is now live: https://t.co/xsIG02WOMN. Thanks!

The Dwarves were fearless in battle — a worthy adversary among the races of Anzora. Though their basketball division was still 0-152.

@stderrdk Lucky you!

@DrDanyo A few people in the UK still haven't received a game yet. So give it another week or so.

Good luck! https://t.co/N1XhP9pT46

Happy Birthday! https://t.co/QSY5LtWYN7

@DrDanyo Ah, okay. Wasn't aware of the process on Ship Naked's end for UK shipments. If too much time passes and no game shows up, let us know.

@DrDanyo Did you not get a tracking email from Ship Naked?

@danooli_dani @EpicNerdCamp Awesome!

@otakukeith We said "Tall as she was beautiful." Which means that she wasn't beautiful.

@danooli_dani Hello Dani, discard piles are face up.

@GrowGiant Ooo! A Jumping Shark! Thanks for the enemy idea!

The necromancer's undead army was a macabre sight. The only respite to the horror was the xylophone sound the skeletons made as they walked.

The Trolls of Muth'rs Baysmint Cave spoke oddly.
"LEL. U mad tho?" asked the first Troll.
"Nah. lmao what a nub," retorted his companion.

"Forget everything you think you know," she said, "and if you think you know how to forget everything you think you know, forget it."

"They call you a beast, but I think I love you," breathed Belle.
"Listen, you're just not my type. You've got sharp knees," said the Beast.

"Gods, who is that?!"
"Who Kilmey? He's the mutant stableboy from my castle. All he can say is his name. Cool, huh?"
"Kill me," said Kilmey.

It will please you to know that Ser Ronnas died peacefully last night, immediately after being violently ripped in half by a dragon.

@byers_becca Not yet, but we'll post a link when it goes live.

Sir Liras was really enjoying his time off. He wasn't even ashamed that he had worn the same pair of chainmail sweatpants 5 days in a row.

Our friend @According2Robyn has just released THE GUNS ABOVE, her debut military fantasy novel! And it's very good.
https://t.co/pwFq7KUHkX

I had a bad stay at Orthanc. The room was filthy, it was noisy, and I found a Palantír tucked behind an air vent pointed at the bed. Perv!

Never eating at Lord Frey's again. The music was WAY too loud, and I couldn't get a server's attention to save my life!
#FantasyYelpReviews

K'etha did it. She was riding a wyvern! The experience was just like playing the authors app, Flappy Wyvern, available on the mobile store.

His plans ruined, the evil Ass-faced Alien readied his attack. "You heroes are a huge pain in my face!" he sharted at the top of his lungs.

"What a beautiful garden. I'm Adam, what's your name?"
"Eve... Who's your friend?"
"I'm the Terminator. Come with me if you want to live."

Ed scooped up the discarded bills.
"Money's been useless since the nuclear apocalypse, Ed."
Ed sighed. "Student loan payment is due."

@skydart Thanks!

Aragorn saw birds in the distance.
"It's Saruman! We're being 'wire-tapped!' This is McCarthyism!" he shouted, diving under a nearby shrub.

"My Lord, we need to dig a moat before the coming siege."
"No!" screamed Lord Vernon. "The RealmOwners Association says it'd hurt resale!"

Gar was obviously a seasoned pit fighter. His scarred body was testament to that. He also didn't care that his beef whistle was hanging out.

The alien burst from Dan's stomach. Spaghetti sauce or blood spattered the wall. It was probably blood. Either way, it would stain.

King Cupcake had returned to the Candy Castle but its chocolate halls and gumdrop ballrooms were empty. The entire place had been desserted.

"Captain! The Ship's Defense Shield isn't initiating!"
"What drivers are we using?"
"53.5."
"Ah. Should be 6—"
They all died a fiery death.

"She shouted in pain and her voice echoed all over the torture chamber because there was hardly any furniture in there to absorb the sound."

Toby the hacker cat stared at the screen. His thoughts warred between saving the world and fighting the urge to walk all over the keyboard.

They'll feel it. But everyone 1.6527963 km away and closer won't know about it. Hope this clears it up! https://t.co/7fgHDIZqSP

Let's round that to 1.6528 km to make it easier for readers to understand. https://t.co/UqgJSTEUlY

@Maddambeltaine LOOOOOOOVE Darkplace. Maybe we're inspired a bit by it.

"Her evil power could be felt by everyone in a mile radius. Technically it was a 1.027 mile radius but I'm rounding down to make it easier."

"He rode his horse like he was born on one: confused, naked, and crying."

"Dr. Strange turned his hands and part of one wall became a floor and then shot up into another wall (that was splitting into 3 walls) and—"

"Xhtkz, the 6th dimensional being is worried he will be alone on New Year's Eve. Then he remembers that time is so two dimensions ago."

@jk_rowling You're not allowed to be a human.

"To my Readers:
A Game of Dragons must go unfinished. In effort to keep interest in the series, I accidentally killed all the characters."

"'Since the Sorting Hat's being repaired, I'll sit on your heads and tell you what house you belong to,' Dumbledore said, hiking his robes."

Our worst tweets of 2016, compiled for easy holiday viewing:
https://t.co/yMJdDzik4m

WARNING: This test is only for TRUE Lord of the Rings fans!

https://t.co/wAajHUAl0c

Fed the Fantastic tied a scarf from his sleeve to a chandelier to swing over the orcs. But the scarf kept coming, lowering Fed to his death.

"The alien wasn't breathing, her skin blue. With naturally red skin, she looked more purple, but these aliens don't have eyes so who cares."

"'We will drain the bog,' shouted King-elect Stump, 'so I can build 5 luxurious, and absolutely tremendous, brothels there!'"

@osteoferocious @JessicaChobot Need it.

"'Captain America's lame. Can HE hit a target at 250 meters around a stand of tress with a shield a fourth the size?' asked Captain Frolf."

Just in case you aren't sure:
https://t.co/JYB4zlDkiI

"'I wish I was rich.'
'I am a Food Genie. Food wishes only,' said the Genie.
'I wish I had a taco that makes you rich when you eat it.'"

"Chester and Terman quietly crept towards the Forgotten Crypts. 'Where are we going again?' Chester asked Terman. Terman shrugged."

"'All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us,' said Gandalf. 'For instance, I've decided to go cry for a few days.'"

"Today in 292 AZ (after Zlorg), Cosmic Lord Glo'rbiss was voted President of Space and ruled with an iron fist-like protuberance."
#ImWithIt

"'This is my dog, Rover,' said Plorfindel the elf. 'He's 1 year old. Or, infinity years old in elven years.'"

"'I will avenge my dead wife!' the hero suddenly yelled into the sky to cover the sound of his flatulence"

"Such a nasty hobbit." #TrumpBookReport

"The wicked Wordsmith forged a deadly sentence and lobbed it at the heroes, killing Ben. Jellena readied her axe, 'Leave it to the prose.'"

"Her eyes were bright on her dark face. Like two small moons waxing and waning in the night sky at a terrifying speed (cause of blinking)."

Super-ripped yet he barely lifts
an' Galadriel goes to HIM for gifts
He is a heroic paradigm
he simply walked into Mordor o'er 80 times.

His name is Teri Houlihan
The manliest elf in all the land
He slay'd a giant with a single cut
An' he sheathes his sword in a hobbit's butt.

@According2Robyn oops!

The Always Sunny/Neil Gaiman cross-over no one wanted.
@neilhimself @GlennHowerton @RMcElhenney @conor_draws 
https://t.co/ooa6075m7c https://t.co/DOYFhKgW34

"Feeeiiiggggnnnsss," moaned the not-zombie. #ZombiesWithHobbies

"Haaannneeessss," moaned the naked zombie. #ZombiesWithHobbies

"David Blaaaaiiinnneeeesssss," moaned the magic-loving zombie. #ZombiesWithHobbies

"Traaaaaiiinnnnsss," moaned the conductor zombie. #ZombiesWithHobbies

"Staaaaainnnssss," moaned the laundry zombie. #ZombiesWithHobbies

"Arrows rained down on me as I held my shield over my head like an umbrella. No wait, this IS my umbrella. Ouch. Ow. Oof that hurts. Yowza."

"'Don't use the Force, Luke,' Obi-Wan told him. 'Your targeting computer is extremely advanced. Why risk it? Practice Force stuff later.'"

"Lord Eres unfurled the message from the crow, eager for news of the war.

"PENIS ENLARGEMENT SPELLS—ONLY 99 COPPERS 8==D~~"

“Time is like a Bumble Ball. Ages come and pass and bounce all over. It's very wacky."

-Robert Jordan's early Wheel of Time concept

Dr. Mary Shelley's Monster. One of many authors you can be in Awful Fantasy: The Card Game. 
https://t.co/ooa607mWYK https://t.co/Kp4UFRSGXM

"A grotesque beast stood guard. It had the head of a centaur, the torso of a minotaur, and the legs of a cyclops. It was rather disgusting."

"Strider isn't evil. I think a servant of the enemy would look fairer but feel fouler. And not be so annoying. And look at his dumb sword."

"'Through battle or famine, I'll be here,' the genius author had him say.
'I do not wish it,' the attractive author wrote as her response."

"'Pirouette, pirouette, brains—I mean pirouette. Great work, brains—I mean class,' said Herbert, the zombie ballet instructor."

"'Can I stay at your place for a few days, Ichabod?' asked the Bedless Horseman."

@TheXXIstCentury Have you tried subscribing? Prophecy Monthly has a great introductory rate.

"She unrolled the ancient scroll and read the prophecy:
'𝑰𝒏 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝑻𝒉𝒊𝒓𝒅 𝑨𝒈𝒆, 𝒂 𝑯𝒆𝒓𝒐 𝒘𝒊𝒍𝒍 𝒆𝒎𝒆𝒓𝒈𝒆 𝒕𝒉𝒂𝒕 𝒘𝒊𝒍𝒍 𝒍𝒆𝒂𝒅—

𝑪𝑳𝑰𝑪𝑲 𝑻𝑶 𝑪𝑶𝑵𝑻𝑰𝑵𝑼𝑬 𝑹𝑬𝑨𝑫𝑰𝑵𝑮'"

"The wizard's tower pierced the stormy sky and lightning stroke it. Lightning strake it again. Then, lightning strunked it a final time."

"Yurth was kind of like Earth in that it was basically Earth. Ben, who looked exactly like a white human rode atop his horse-like shorse."

@benmekler So, NOT Clit Eatswood?

"'Daris, you don't need a wand, the White Power is within you! No, that sounds bad, I mean cause you're a White Wizard! That's not better.'"

"'Well, you have a point!' said Fairy Jo to the Unicorn.
'I'm just saying Tower 7 fell a little too clean is all...' continued the Unicorn."

@JustinRoiland That's a human female.

"'I need a place to stay,' he said, homelessly.
'What's that?' she unheardedly asked.'
'Never mind,' he replied in a give-upish way."

"The Siren sang her song, but instead of luring sailors to their death, she was warning everyone of nearby tornado activity."

"Tom opened the tomb and cold air rushed out, as if it were running from  something. 'What're you running from, Mr. Tomb Air?' Tom thought."

"Beasts surrounded him. They were growling, drooling, slurring their words, and hiding alcohol around the house.
'Booze Hounds', said Jim."

"'I am Cinderella,' she told the prince.
'Why do you have pumpkin seeds in your hair, did you roll here in a fuckin' gourd or something?'"

"The witch added toad testicles, eyes of a crow, feet of a swan, and the tails of ten snakes. 'I love making home-made hotdogs!' she said."

"'There are infinite Universes where anything is possible?'
'Yes. But we just happen to be in the one where multiple Universes don't exist."

Check out The Walking Dead No Sanctuary from Awful Fantasy: The Card Game designers @AdamBSadler and @BradyJSadler.

https://t.co/QwDNgrwlkW

"'You would not part an old man from his walking bazooka?' asked Gandalf.
'Okay, you can pass,' said the guard."

"Mr. and Mrs. Lord looked down on their baby and smiled. 'We'll name him Dark,' said Mrs. Lord."

No other game has the same level of quality content that Awful Fantasy: The Card Game has. @conor_draws https://t.co/rgI750ucXv

Now you can play Awful Fantasy: The Card Game as Sand Branderson! This is definitely not @BrandSanderson. Honest. https://t.co/jS9vORhnxd

Miss our Kickstarter for Awful Fantasy: The Card Game? Luckily, Space-King Glo'rbiss is forgiving.
Pre-order here: https://t.co/ooa6075m7c

"The volley of arrows fell harmlessly into the advancing army.
'Archers, retreat! We can't hit them! They're running in a zig-zag pattern!'"

"'They all suck,' said millennial Goldilocks."

"'Maybe you can dress up like a bee,' the Ent whispered slowly to the hobbit. 'Then I can watch you pollinate the hell out of my Entwife.'"

@MrHoratioSanz Did what?

"'Go. I will fight off the enemies while you escape,' the King told Hara.
'No, you'll die!' Hara pleaded.
'Good point, forget I said that.'"

"Lady Clintonius wrote back to Lord Trumpius.
'Deleteth thy messenger pigeon.'"

"'Stop!' cried the herald to the sieging army. 'King Facebuk has declared it Best Friend Day! And next week is siege awareness week!'"

"The Polar Bear warriors trudged through the blizzard. The sky/ground/bears/landscape were white. Night fell. Then everything was black."

Stay vigilant. We may have opportunities in the future to still get the game. https://t.co/0KhGsgNKQu

1 hour left. Still unsure if you want to back our game? Just roll a d20! Then ignore the result and back our game.
https://t.co/6eUOhNz9fY

Assassinate your friends' dumb protagonists in Awful Fantasy: The Card Game. 5 hours left!
https://t.co/6eUOhNz9fY https://t.co/rjieZBozV4

Awful Fantasy: The Card Game has many awful authors you can play as! Only 36 hours to go!
https://t.co/6eUOhNz9fY https://t.co/2yUzil3pWt

@novacorona_ His ability has JUST changed, though.

@novacorona_ His old ability said "instead of playing a card on your turn". So it can take the place of your Awful card action each turn.

Each author ability specifies in the ability description how often they can be used. https://t.co/QAsUVxeUQD

"'Lord Wyn of the Valley of Silicon, just tell me what your startup realm DOES,' asked the King.
'Viral. Intuitive. Synerg—'
'Behead him.'"

"'Why does your stableboy only repeat his own name?' asked the child of the sea.
'I don't know. No one does.'
'Shitpants!' added Shitpants."

@According2Robyn Congrats!!!!! That is extremely awesome. Very happy for you.

They're so cute! And so dangerous! But really cute. @conor_draws https://t.co/6eUOhNQKEy https://t.co/ExCeHV6y9u

"Thanks for buying Gerard's outfit expansion pack! Print and paste the following over each description of Gerard's blue cloak:

red cloak."

@osteoferocious @FunctionalNerd That's probably Martin's thought process, too, every now and then.

"'Can you believe that joust yesterday?' Lord Hugh gossiped.'
'Spoilers! The court scribe TiVoseus recorded it for me!' the King screamed."

We only need $28 to reach $50k. Who hasn't told their mom about Awful Fantasy: The Card Game yet?
https://t.co/6eUOhNQKEy

This fall on HBO:
When the music stops, where will you be ruling? A Game of Musical Thrones

We're unlocking stretch goals left and right! But can we unite to unlock this lofty goal??
https://t.co/6eUOhNQKEy https://t.co/drdMJdLXVk

"Ki's starfighter lost control and he felt helpless. Like he was a passenger of some airline that crashes into the ground on purpose."

@osteoferocious Loved this!

The Minstrel ripping out totally legendary solos.
https://t.co/6eUOhNz9fY https://t.co/2ttWA3iLp2

"To my readers: I suggest getting my latest book in enhanced ebook format. Most sentences now have corresponding reaction gifs for clarity."

"'You can't take this ship through that space station! We'll die!' screamed Kera.
'Watch me,' replied Gan.
Kera was right.

THE END"

Check out the latest author card illustration from @conor_draws. JRR Tokin'
https://t.co/6eUOhNz9fY https://t.co/p6jqtocEe6

We're funded! Thank you all. Let's get stretch goals and make this thing even better.
https://t.co/6eUOhNz9fY

We only need $2,700 more to fully fund. TO FULLY FUND. Hail Glo'rbiss, the Supreme Space Being!
https://t.co/6eUOhNz9fY

66% funded and 400 backers in 2 days with a month to go. We are blown away. Thank you for backing and sharing!
https://t.co/I5Osp6Ap48

We're flying through these Awful Goals! At this rate, our game will have NO DEAD OWLS in it! https://t.co/6eUOhNz9fY https://t.co/nxI121m1jl

"The Glam Rock Golem screamed in falsetto and slammed a jagged, glittery fist onto the ground so hard that its spandex ripped."

@thatJatkinson Thanks!

.@conor_draws did this. We want him to do lots more. With your help he can do lots more. https://t.co/3O8ekJPWze https://t.co/zfnFThixlA

@GeekandSundry @nerdist @wilw @hardwick @feliciaday We're making an absurd card game and we think you will like it! https://t.co/3O8ekJPWze

Who wouldn't back a game where you can play as George R.U. Fartin'?
https://t.co/3O8ekJPWze https://t.co/zoFPYnOINr

@Emarric No, they ship dead. We're not monsters.

Awful Fantasy: The Card Game is now on Kickstarter! Check it out and share! https://t.co/3O8ekJPWze https://t.co/CMVqL9sRi2

Awful Fantasy: The Card Game Kickstarter coming today at 12pm EST! Tell your mom, your friends, your mom's friends, and your friends' moms.

"'Every full moon he scrapes his own brains out and shrivels up like jerky,' she warned. 'He's Jeremy, the Weremummy.'"

"Homicide Sergeant Benjamin Button ducked behind an overturned table as bullets whizzed by. 'I'm getting too young for this shit.'"

@RheingoldRiver Exactly.

"'Tell me!' the torturer student yelled at his torturing instructor while he tortured him. 'Tell me how to properly torture people!'"

Awful Fantasy: The Card Game Kickstarter in one week! Designed by @BradyJSadler and @AdamBSadler and written by us. We think you'll like it.

"'Who could have guessed the aliens would be taken down by the common cold, followed up by two hundred common 80 megaton nuclear warheads.'"

"The Queen's crown glimmered as she sat the throne. It looked like the Burger King crown, but with way less cardboard. It was stunning."

"'If you want the galactic weapon,' said Blerg-Flarg, 'then you'll have to pry it from my cold, dead, slimy, prehensile gluteal appendage.'"

"The trolls wore hideous, disgusting masks made from children's faces sewn together. The shoddy backstitch work was vomit-inducing."

@blaisethekeeper You can have that one. We insist.

"'I'll cast fireballs upon you,' screamed the Procrastinancer, '...tomorrow, maybe.' He then went into the bedroom to lay down for a  bit."

Return of the King's Cancer #MakeABookEmotional

The world can always use more card games. On May 3, you'll get an awful (fantasy) one. https://t.co/TOkphToXsx

"'Quit DRAGON your feet,' the elf said as he stabbed the dragon's foot. 'How much does it hurt? On a SCALE of 1-10?'"
'8,' said the dragon."

"'When me finally die, me want die peacefully in night,' Ug-thug told his friend, 'ripped to shreds by sabre-tooth tigers while sleeping.'"

@TrinaLTalma Dammit.

"Twigbud, the Ent, wished he had more friends. Sometimes he feared that he would never be poplar."

"Paty unearthed the ancient stone tablet and read its inscription. 'Send this tablet to 10 other archaeologists or you will have bad luck.'"

"He opened the Tome of Dahr, unleashing the evil within. Dark magic popped out and scared everyone—like a Jack-in-the-box. It killed a dog."

"'Why should we follow you, Hero?' the peasant asked.
'I am descended from Dragons.'
'From Dragons? Psh. Then why are there still Dragons?'"

"'Cap'n,' said First Mate Swig, 'this be an intervention. We think ye be HOOKED!' 
The crew laughed loudly.
'...on heroin,' he added sadly."

"'Help us kill the Evil Lord Jesus,' pleaded the Elf Queen. 'His name isn't connected with anything. It's just a Fantasy name,' she added."

@Middleditch let us know whenever https://t.co/jpilEIBvJe is available. It has great potential for British comedy.

"Floyd the Barberian roared as his straight-razor broadsword cleanly removed his foe's split ends (and head) in one swing."

"'Time is a wheel,' the old crone whispered wisely as she made a circle motion with one finger. 'You know, like cheese.'"

"'Aye, that be the ole Belfort house. Every full moon it becomes a Werehouse! It don't kill nobody or nothin'. Just more storage space.'"

@SteveMartinToGo Just curious, do we qualify?

"Everyone came to watch the space joust, which was like regular jousting but harder cause you had to train the horses to hold their breath."

"The minstrel played a beautiful melody on her harp. Then she slammed on her effects pedal and ripped out a totally legendary solo."

"'Duk'frun yick trab. Hrek shunkas ditrie rundaboush,' the tribesman said, bumping up the total word count a little bit."

@sheehanmilesk I voted "No"

We're bringing some awful characters to life for Awful Fantasy: The Card Game thanks to the skills of @conor_draws. https://t.co/eGeXvP1iSE

We found an artist for upcoming project! Thanks to all those who submitted! Cool news coming in the next few weeks.

Let's read some #AwfulReviews!

"I was unable to relate with the protagonist, X'Gor—the telepathic cyclops  from Neptune—on account of my two working eyes." #AwfulReviews

"Written in 4th person, this book provides a refreshingly voyeuristic look at a fantasy quest happening off in the distance." #AwfulReviews

@Arumi_kai Sanders wrapped in bacon.

"The Draculas vacationed at their morgue on the lake. And in case they wanted to sleep under the sun, they brought their coziest body bags."

@I_am_JustThat Zing!

When does a turd become a turd? At digestion? #proturd https://t.co/jiITDtXbcm

"'I won't let you rob that bank, you criminals!' said Kineticrap, the superhero that can move turds with his mind, just before he was shot."

"Only after the Radioactive Monster began terrorizing the town in a sports car did the people realize it must be having a half-life crisis."

"Arwen watched Aragorn throw his dirty armor on the ground next to the hamper again and suddenly regretted choosing a mortal life."

@elijahwood He's also not fit to do most things.

"'These pigs are adorable!' Bua ran toward them.
'Those aren't pigs! They're bloated, hairless, mud-loving, demon chipmunks!' Tem screamed."

"Monster Hunter Sana respected all God's monsters, wasting nothing. For instance, she fashioned a Gorgin's cerebral brain sac into a purse."

Awful Fantasy is brought to you by:

Limited Edition Star Wars Vaderade.
Han Shot Thirst.™ https://t.co/DyOLa4MmVz

"'Are you going to the NED Talk this afternoon? There's supposed to be a demonstration on how to properly behead a person.'"

We're looking for an artist that fits with our comedic style. Open to consider all types of artists. https://t.co/l0lOTq3W29

@SocrateezNutz You're a good idea.

We're looking for an artist for an upcoming Awful Fantasy card game project! Please send portfolio and rate to AwfulFantasyTwitter@gmail.com

"'Lord Tyren is evil,' said Ed as they watched the castle.
'How can you tell?' asked Loh.
'He's just now taking down his Christmas lights.'"

"Middle-earth looked all but doomed. Galadriel sighed. She felt less like Galadriel and more like GaSADriel."

@samhoodless You're amazing.

"'Yes, I'm telepathic,' she told them. 'But when I was young, I listened to people's thoughts too loudly and now I'm hard-of-telepathing.'"

@TheAngryGM Thank you for the recommendation. But, actually, we write them all ourselves.

.@MystycKhan Rockman's hairy, toned, firm, and hairy buttocks makes it impossible for readers to lose interest.  https://t.co/xWcLQAeOMn

Awful Fantasy is brought to you by:
And Not My Axe: Finding your Confidence in a Changing Middle-world.
Available wherever tomes are sold.

Be my chosen hero of prophecy. #FantasyValentines

The Seeker of Truth couldn't cut my head off when I say I want you to be my Valentine. #FantasyValentines

Reminder: we wrote a couple awful scifi books.

"Ron Jockman is okay." -George R.R. Martin celebrity impersonator

https://t.co/7kVhktVDTU

"'A boulder blocks us! Magician Fed, can you cast a spell to move it?'
'Yes. But first, can you confirm we've never met before tonight?'"

"'I'm not a dweeb, you guys are!' shouted Rolk'nag the orc as he ran, desperately clutching his fanny pack."

@MissDahlELama "Awful" just sets the bar super low so we can't lose!

"'Lady Sara and I traveled far to aid you in battle," said Ana.
'I see. And while traveling, did you two ever make out?' asked the king."

"Neve, the Halfling Thief from Eastern Dar'ah, cheered. 'We're here! We've arrived at Uppercasia! The Land Of Pointless Capitalization!"

#FantasyClickbait https://t.co/mImz6sd1Sf

@Raskolnika You're a machine!

#FantasyClickbait https://t.co/fllPxxglH2

#FantasyClickbait https://t.co/YXvNjj2nYq

"He lists the 10 must-have pieces of jewelry in Middle Earth. #1 rules them all." #FantasyClickbait

"This one-dimensional villain wants to destroy the world. What happens next will bore you to tears." #FantasyClickbait

We want to hear your worst #FantasyClickbait headlines!

"The people cheered for their new hero. Little did they know their universe was really an atom in a turd. Believe in your dreams.

THE END."

"'You can't just be nice and expect her to love you,' Bo told the Werewolf.
'No man, she man's-best-friend-zoned me!' the Werewolf growled."

"Jane died, even though everyone figured out she was true heir to the throne, because I hate that people figured out my story. Fuck you."

"The Dwarf turned quickly. He barely had time to REACT™ to the Goblin attack."

#AwfulThrowbacks
https://t.co/BewpmQC9EZ

"'Welcome to the Land of the Dying,' the voice said.
'Dyeing? I love dyeing!' shouted Amber.
'Really?'
'Yes! I can't wait to start dyeing!'"

Just discovered that the talented people at /r/WritingPrompts elaborated on one of our tweets a few days ago: https://t.co/tTZptxfU5l

@havvy Apology accepted.

"'Sorry, all my rooms are full due to a dragon attack,' said the innkeep.
'What's that have to do with the dragon?'
'They're full of fire.'"

"Frankenstein burst into the cottage. The family screamed at the horror.
'Oops, thought this was my castle,' Dr. Frankenstein explained."

@tauriqmoosa gross, weird, and scary

"Unfortunately, before Jane could tell Tod that she really loved him, her planet was destroyed by Xixo, The Intergalactic Planet Destroyer."

"The heroes entered the Magic Tower.
'There's a magical force surrounding us,' Pali said. 'I can feel it subtly effecting my grammar...'"

#AwfulThrowbacks
https://t.co/ilt8IM0DkO

"Abe knocked lightly and the wizard swung open his door. 'What? It's my day off!' He was only wearing his wine-stained tighty-whitey robes."

"Captain Hunt rushed into the king's throne room. 'Lord Meyea! The Orc army has arrived! Shit's about to hit the God of Wind!' he shouted."

"He was a real elf, alright. His ears were pointy, his bow was strong, and his pubes were shaved into the shape of a Lavaralda leaf."

"She pointed towards a mysterious grazing animal that looked like a cow with a single horn. 'Look,' she whispered, 'a magical Unicown.'"

"The moon-boy pulled his pants down and Earthed his entire class."

Yeah, come on @BigFatJoey! Follow us! Please? I'll be refreshing notifications until I see your #BigFatFollow. https://t.co/qKAxtInq05

"The words hit her hard... along with the pages and binding. But, that's to be expected when the evil Novelmancer is casting books at you."

"A stalactite fell and Wes dodged around a stalagmite! Then he stumbled toward a stalagright, eventually impaling himself on a stalacleft."

"'Does your face hurt?' asked Al.
'No, why?' replied Tya.
'Cause it's killing me!' said Al as he was blasted by Tya Laserface's face laser."

"'He'll suck your blood using someone else's teeth. That's Frankenpire Vampenstein.'"

"Jane killed the Dark Lord, saving the world. A nearby toy-maker cheered, then was sad. 'If you were a man I could have made toys of you.'"

"As the headsman's axe came down, Lucee wailed. Her Lord father's head tumbled. His neck looked like a Pepperoni Hot Pocket exploded."

"The last ʷʰᵒ remaining Plutonian ᵈᵒ ᶦ ʰᵃᵛᵉ Warrior fell. The ᵗᵒ ᵇᶫᵒʷ Royal Bloodline stamped ᵗᵒ ᵍᵉᵗ out in one bloody battle ᵃ ᴴᵘᵍᵒ ᴬʷᵃʳᵈ."

"'Gor'Gug's new year resolution is fix Gor'Gug's talking,' the ogre said. 'Gor'Gug want use more pronouns and infinitive markers.'"

@RealRaySantiago Spoiler alert! Great, now everyone knows you get the Necronomicon face off of your face!

"'Look,' the King pleaded to the forming mob, 'I eat caviar with a crystal caviar spoon like everyone below me! I'm like you... but clean.'"

The young witch sat atop her brand new Roomba and flew into the air.

*bumps into tree*
*turns*
*bumps into stop sign*
*turns*

"'Are you the fabled Dragon Whisperer?' Clive asked the old man. 
The old man stood and turned to Clive. 
'Dragon,' he whispered in reply."

"The Mouth Of Trump came out to speak with the fellowship. And, behind him, towered the terrifying Hair of Trump." https://t.co/EzfMhPM7HV

"Val spit up blood. 'R09, engage Sadness Protocol.'
The droid simulated crying.
'Now go! Save yourse—'
'TEAR LEVELS LOW. PLEASE ADD FLUID.'"

"Ben left the Royal Theatre. 'I can nary entertain the premise Lord Vader is sire to Sir Lukas!' he spoiled to the townsfolk like a douche."

"'Approaching planet Colombinus, sir. You sure this is the planet we're to destroy?'
'It's what it says on the card,' said Captain Harvey."

'''Kid, I'm the best Werewolf Hunter around,' Hector told him.
'Weren't you responsible for the Furry Con Massacre in 2028?'
'It was dark.'"

@TienKnight Hi! Thanks! You can share our stuff wherever or however you want!

Our Awfulest Tweets of 2015:
https://t.co/YbHaODYJax

"The Elves were singing a long forgotten song. Well, mostly forgotten. They forgot the lyrics, so it was mostly humming until the chorus."

"'I'm your nightmare,' said Lord Vomar.
'So, you're just a dream?'
'Yes. Now wake up or you'll be late for work,' he said, dissipating."

"Gus was getting forgetful in his old age. He was halfway through the Battle of the Menatha'ai when he remembered he left his forge on."

"'Guns aren't the problem! They can be used for good, and can protect us! Our rights are precious...yes precious,' pleaded Senator Boromir."

"The mace fell, crushing his finger-squid. 'I call my hand my finger-squid!' he screamed in agony."

"'Yo momma is so freakishly tall,' started Rado the Hobbit, 'she's a three-fourthling!'"

"'Anyone need MS Office on their laptop?' Rol asked the party. 
They later vowed never to bring an Installation Wizard on adventures again."

"The dragon began initiating of the sounds of the onset of roaring. That's when Rue started to commence the introduction of her pre-attack."

"The nasty witch cast a spell, turning the blackjack dealer's hands to turds. He looked at them in disgust. 'The shit I have to deal with.'"

"The hideous dragon lifted its vague neck towards the soft sky. Old fire flew from its unacceptable maw into the lanky, profitable heavens."

"The Orc smiled at the Bowman, 'You missed!'
'Check again,' said Bowman Pat.
The Orc turned around to see.
Pat frantically tried to reload."

"The dead astronaut was floating near Pluto when we pulled him into our P-033 Medic Ship. 'Give him some space!' Jess said. We all laughed."

"'I'm a magician, not a wizard!' shouted Fed the Fantastic as he was shoved into the invading Orcs. 'Pick a card!' he screamed as he died."

"*tips fedora* 'Malady,' diagnosed the neckbeard Plague Doctor."

"The Fallout... I mean Fighter sliced one zombie and Vault 111... I mean vaulted over another feral ghoul—I can't do this now, I'm busy."

"'We can't let the One Ring fall into the wrong hands!'
'All it does is make you invisible...'
'But can you imagine the mischief?!'"

"Captain Rika took her Mercedes™ Spaceship to the Nike™ Space Mall's McDonald's™ for breakfast served all day. 'I'm lovin' It™,' she said."

Don't forget to follow @AwfulAdventures for the continuation of our choose-your-own-awful-adventure!

"To Mara's surprise, the deformed bandit actually had a heart of gold! That was his deformity—a severe case of gold-heart. He robbed her."

We're glad some of you like our choose-your-own-awful-adventure so far. We'll be continuing this awful story on @AwfulAdventures.

He seems trustworthy, but you’re not sure you should go with him. I mean, you’ve been doing soooo good on your own.

“I’m from the future. I’m here to save you and your entire world. Come with me or you’ll die,” he tells you. “Also, I’m not a Terminator.”

...a man holding a mysterious weapon! His medium-length brown hair tumbles about his ears. His square face is stern. He looks dangerous.

ZORP! The Demon Chef explodes into a million pieces! You fall to the floor with a PLORP! Through the flying demon/bone fragments, you see...

“Why me?!” you weep.
“That’s it! I’ll serve your head paste as an appetizer,” the Chef announces. Then, something amazing happens.

You sob harder. “Jesus, this is pathetic,” the Chef groans. “If you keep crying, then I’m going to smash your head into head paste.”

"I saw the new moon late yestreen, Wi' the auld moon in her arm," he says. He waits for your answer.

“A...a...riddle?” you ask, sniffling. “That’s right,” says the Chef as he pulls you close to his nightmarish skull face.

“Oh, don’t be like that,” says The Demon Chef, “Tell you what, I’ll give you a riddle, and if you get it right, I won’t cook you.”

He holds you upside down over the bubbling concoction and you beg a ton. It’s really quite pathetic and awkward for everyone.

Suddenly, the Demon Chef has you in his bony grip! "I don’t wanna die!" you sob as he takes you to a huge pot full of boiling corpse stew.

You try to sneak but you accidentally trip over some T-Fal®. Of course, this alerts the Skeletal Demon Chef, but you knew that would happen.

@mattrainis Some people just want to watch the world burn.

You begin sneaking to the tunnel but Jesus Christ don’t let that Skeletal Demon Chef hear you!

You think you can make it to the tunnel by sneaking along the back wall. You know that you'll DEFINITELY DIE if the Chef hears you.

The Demon Chef is busy cooking people and doesn’t notice you yet, so you may be perfectly safe as long as you don’t make any noise.

At the far end of the kitchen you see a torchlit stone tunnel. Above the entrance is a sign that reads ‘To Water Storage’. How convenient!

You enter the kitchen and see that the smell was actually just Indian food. But there’s also a Skeletal Demon Chef cooking like 50 corpses.

You halt before the kitchen door as smells worse than death waft out from within. Maybe it's just Indian food?

The smell of death is strong as you step over bodies. You hear screams from somewhere in the castle. More on that later if you don't die.

With your dead servant on the floor and water on your mind, you decide to head to the kitchen to get a drink yourself.

Since it took 24 hours for you to decide what to say, Kris has died a lonely death. “Why won’t you speak?!” you remember him screaming.

@matgutting Yes, all choices pertain to you.

Kris, your old servant, emerges from behind a castle thing with an arrow in his back. "Help...attacked..." he gasps.

Entering through the door, you see a large hall lined with tapestries and other castle stuff. It's quiet and eerie, like a haunted library.

You walk around the castle to the rarely-used side door. Strangely, it's unlocked and the screen door has been propped open. Rash hisses.

You call to the Gatekeep to tell him you're going to find another way in. There's no response (because he's dead but you don't know that).

Rash, your cat, purrs as you scratch behind her ears.

@Brockway_LLC This is definitely going to be a thing!

You arrive back at your Lord's castle after being exiled 2 hours ago. You're dying of thirst. The gate's before you.

"Grehg found himself at the feet of a dreaded Bladetail Dragon! It raised its deadly tail and attacked—shooting him with its crossbow."

@skycurser his handgun?

"The Knight whispered to his conspirator, 'WE KILL THE KING TONIGHT.' (SORRY—CAPS LOCK IS BROKEN) A GUARD HEARD HIM SHOUT AND ARRESTED HIM."

"The Colonel addressed them. 'These aliens formed just after "The Big Bang." They all thought of sex, but no one laughed. It was serious."

"Quoth the Raven, 'Nevermore.' Yet he kept quothing, though he promised he wouldn't. I laid down newspaper, but there was quoth everywhere."

"The barbarian, with 20+ years axe experience swung down, missing the stationary slime and cutting his foot off. 'Fuckin' dice rolls.'"

"The Robot was super intelligent and totally metal—like Einstein wearing a Slayer shirt."

"Then, Alura jumped down and—BRB getting a soda. Okay I'm back—sliced the foe across his midsection."

"And finally, Kylo Ren slowly removed his helmet to reveal a huge, momentous twist that no one saw coming: he was a black man all along."

"Dear Readers,
I apologize for my unintentionally offensive and liberal use of 'CUNTOOM' as the onomatopoeia for the Venus Woman's raygun."

"It was said that Dragonarius would return one day to wreak havoc upon the world again. Luckily, global warming destroyed the planet first."

"The wicked Storm King summoned a massive downpour on top of the heroes. Jellena readied her axe, 'Let's end this King's rain.'"

"Darkness enveloped them.

TO BE CONTINUED

Join the characters you thought just died in their next epic adventure! Due out next year!"

"The alien pyramid was awe-inspiring. The walls were on the sides, with a ceiling up top. The walls were covered in those ancient cartoons."

"She set her laser pistol to Destructo-beam™ and fired!
*click*
'Your Destrcuto-beam trial has run out! Buy the full version for $54.99!'"

"She trembled as they made love.
'I must confess, I'm a shapeshifter.'
'I don't care,' Farmer Joe said.
'But I'm not really a chicken.'"

"Sara's travel companion was so dramatic. One second he's not screaming, then he was screaming, now he's dead from that arrow in his head."

"The elf took out his bow and put it on the wrapped present (a ribbon bow not a weapon bow (the present was a bow, though (the weapon)))."

"He laughed nervously. 'I suppose I better get started on my quest, then.'

END OF BOOK 4"

"The astronauts landed and began walking around the star. Of course, whatever stars are made of was everywhere, so it was extremely bright."

"Suddenly, the assassin had Justica by the throat!
'Lord Demono has a message for you,' he whispered.
'AM I BEING DETAINED,' asked Justica."

We take full credit for being this awful. https://t.co/5ZRGmHPK63

"Kir swung Lightbearer, decapitating the dragon! Then, the dragon ate her. (It had two heads all along). Its third and fourth heads roared."

"Ty lifted the weapon. 'This is LASOR (Light-Articulator and Sensored Orbital ROG (Round Omnidimensional GaAC (Gun and Acronym Creator))).'"

"Captain Mig performed a computer scan for any information on the evil Plutonian Emperor. 'Damn, his Spacebook account is set to private.'"

"'The orcs advance. Time for your first battle!' he told me. Like a hobbit in a public restroom, I was going to have to get my feet wet."

@celebrimbored literally, literately, and a little literary.

"Zera walked the streets of the Elven city. She noticed there were lots of Elves doing Elf stuff like being tall, pointing their ears, etc."

"'I'm the rhyming troll of yore,
Are you prepared for what's in store?
To leave this place I ask thee,
I won't fight back, please kill me?'"

"'Approaching event horizon, sir!'
'Good. Time to see where this black hole takes us.'
It took them to Heaven. Because it killed them."

"Hempas the pot smoking Gargoyle was stoned every day."

"'I am now Gandalf the White.'
'So you're more powerful?'
'Yes, my new staff can shine way brighter.'"

"The festering zombie was really disgusting. I can't really explain it. Just know that I'm gagging as I write this. Yeah, it's THAT gross."

@thegynomite grats!

"Joe would have cast a fire spell at the approaching nine-headed goblin unicorn but there wasn't magic in this world, it was too realistic."

"They were perfect for each other. He was strong, brave, intelligent, heroic, honorable, funny, and empathetic, and she was pretty."

"Harry embraced Dumbledore, playing idly with his wand. 'Don't Expelliarmus until I say you can,' he whispered."

"Qeu'mandrelanious Vuntradorus rode his horse, Hanranastuser, to the Kingdom of Muxhandurington. 'Wow,' said Qeu'mandrelanious Vuntradorus."

"'How can a nobody like me ever hope to marry the empress?' asked Al.
'Save the world and she'll be obligated to love you,' said the elder."

"The Wasp Beasts were invading and the Kingdom was abuzz. 'Ow, that stings,' Hethir said as a 5 foot stinger injected venom into her brain."

"Ed ran into Bren's bedchamber to see his son's pet Direwolf had killed him and was eating his corpse, because that's what wild animals do."

You might be interested to know that this might be something that is perhaps in some sort of development. https://t.co/P3Cf2Kk52X

"Goblins surrounded Frana, the Goblin-Catcher.
'Ironic. The catcher's caught,' said Frana.
'That's not irony,' one fun-sucking goblin said."

"'All good swords have a name, my Lord.'
'Really? Then I shall name it after my father. It will now be called, Absent-For-Most-of-my-Life.'"

"'He's wicked, power-hungry, and dangerous. If he gains the power he seeks, our world will end,' she said, pointing to @realDonaldTrump."

Muchas gracias. https://t.co/h5J9xA5X3C

"She knew he was the complete opposite of her in every way. He was evil, male, upside-down, inside-out, currently dead, a fish, on fire,..."

"'Discworld?' asked Terminis. 'Unfortunately, the days of discs are over. It's all about migrating to the Cloudworld, now,' he sobbed."

"It was easy for Frankenstein's monster to get into the Mafia since he was already a made man."

"'Finally, we have Gunner Rhea,' said the Space General. 'Now unopposed, we penetrate the Yuran forces and attack. Yuran Nation will burn!'"

Justin is writing more of The Wizardlands Saga. Come watch me type with no clue as to where the story is going...
https://t.co/O4Tm1PeZi9

"'Mama, can I have a magic wand?' asked the boy.
'They are too dangerous,' she told him, 'You'll accidentally cast a spell of eye removal!'"

Ok, that's all for now. Quick I know. But there will be lots more writing to come! https://t.co/O4Tm1PeZi9

We're writing a new book and here's a link to it as we work. Justin is about to do some writing for a tiny bit. https://t.co/O4Tm1PeZi9

"'All we have of the cyborg is this lo-res security camera image,' stated Hal.
'Enhance,' said Berg.
'Enhance what?'
'This horrible plot.'"

"Diala drank a potion of healing. Then, she drank a potion of invisibility. Next, she drank a potion of detect traps. Then, she had to pee."

"Antana barely avoided the wild attack of the Flyclops. Luckily for her, the Flyclops had no depth perception since it only had 4,000 eyes."

"The man had eyes as gray as a soggy cadaver. He was very handsome and heroic, it's just that he had dank, bloated corpse-colored eyes."

"'So this clone has all of my memories, too?' Kenn asked.
'Yes,' said the scientist.
'Kenn is still a virgin,' Kenn's clone told everyone."

@TipodelaBrocha Thank you so much! We're glad you enjoyed the books.

Right before #ff is over we want to say follow @Attack. Also check out his stream at http://t.co/ILov3hIdnF.

"After spending time on Earth, Zarbo thought about his secret mission to destroy humanity and decided to do it since humans are so shitty."

"In order to stop the approaching dragon, the wizard decided to cast Magic Surface-To-Air Infrared Homing Missile."

"And for Gimli, son of Glóin, who requests but a single strand of my golden hair,' said Galadriel, 'I give a restraining order.'"

@simone_s_86 If only it were so easy...

"Sometimes, Gorgus the Shapeshifter thought that the one creature he could never become was a shapeshifter who could learn to love again."

@TipodelaBrocha Thank you! But can you write Amazon reviews, also? It really helps to have reviews right there at the store. Thanks!

Thanks! If you have time, we would love it if you wrote us an honest Amazon review. https://t.co/cW4JrnEaOx

"War erupted like a volcano. But instead of lava, this volcano shot out armies and war ingredients like horses and swords."

@IndoorKids Goro's Extreme Rock Paper Scissors Tournament

"The high fantasy elf shot his standard fantasy bow and the standard fantasy arrow hit a high fantasy orc in its low fantasy dick."

"The cat in the tavern window twitched. It probably had the congenital disorder hydrocephalus, but Thad was a farmer, so he wouldn't know."

"The frozen winds, of the North, rushed down, and into, the valley, and forests, filling it with the cold, which was not, at all, warm."

@NerdistDotCom @JessicaChobot @Wizards_DnD Can we write the sequel?

"As a werewolf, Rex spent lots of time marking territory on things all over town: the old well, city hall, his super kinky girlfriend, etc."

@danieljperagine It should be on Canada's Amazon site.

@theunfocused Thanks!

Today is the last day to download our absurd and ridiculous science fiction books for FREE. Tell your best friends.  http://t.co/7kVhktE2vk

"Jo stumbled and fell into the pit of Haku, the Snake Beast, landing hard. Haku struck fast, piercing Jo's corpse (he died from the fall)."

Please remember to use the bathroom while reading our books. https://t.co/GJNcGJ45dH

"The Witch and the Wardrobe: Dentist Edition."

How about this one? http://t.co/m5Zh7H9FQU https://t.co/0FaWUVdNkr

Here's a sample of what you'll find in our books, which are free until Monday. Get them here: http://t.co/7kVhktE2vk http://t.co/xqxgitdmlk

Welcome to the Mines of Moria website! Type, friend, and login!

Username: gandalf69
Password: mellon

Thanks! https://t.co/zSZioRDWSe

Frequency of keywords found in Trials of Galactar:

Universe: 32
Laser: 49
Planet: 50
Space: 352

Get it for nothing: http://t.co/5if0jt8dAs

To welcome our new followers, we made our awful scifi books temporarily free. Books 1 &amp; 2 in The Rockman Chronicles: http://t.co/S4opRDoRGi

"'Can I have dessert, now?' asked the young Rock Golem. 'Not until you've finished everything on your tectonic plate,' his mom said."

@EvanOutOfTen @pages_and_pages So are we.

#AwfulAnalogies https://t.co/u3T9ESmB8t

#AwfulAnalogies https://t.co/fKykMnrykK

#AwfulAnalogies https://t.co/OrQSJe1tGH

Help us with some #AwfulAnalogies !

"She was in awe of the colorful sunset on this strange planet, as if a Rainbow Fairy blew chunks all over the western sky."
#AwfulAnalogies

@DerekofGruul I blame the internet.

"Readers: I now present the last book of my hugely popular series. This is it. No more after this... unless I stop being relevant."

"The cartographer's maps were legendary. His legends, however, left a lot to be desired."

"The laser fired, shrinking the kids to the size of ants. They were so small, unshrunken ants were now the size of shrunken horses."

Did you know we wrote a sequel to the first novel you may not have known we wrote? Here's a trailer we made for it: https://t.co/5VbXLRsa0m

"'I'll see what I can conjure up!' said Daryl the Conjurer for the four millionth time."

"Sam, the male witch, was like any other witch except instead of magic brew, he cooked Manwiches. It was a fun conversation starter."

"The gladiator stepped into the pit. His theme song played, but was kinda lame because they hadn't invented synths yet."

"Fred had slain the Evil Wizard and, like someone in Los Angeles when it's raining, he had to tell everyone about it."

"The Great Tree was as tall as it was old. Which is to say it was very both."

"'I feel a great disturbance in the horse,' said large animal psychologist Dr. Albert-Wan Kenobi."

"His staff (not his wiener) was long and smooth and hard, and also it was throbbing with power (ain't talkin' 'bout his ding-dong pervo.)"

"'The prophesies say that a hero will save this world...in 150 years. So, we're basically fucked 'til then,' the scholar announced."

"The heroes took a break from slaying giant dragons and sat down for a lame card game. Here's an in-depth explanation of the game's rules:"

"As the Batwing flew from the Batcave, it killed two parent bats, leaving a little bat orphaned. He vowed revenge. Thus, Batbat was born."

"'That black death thing sure is annoying, right?' the peasant told Ralf as they waited in line for bread. Ralf hated Medieval small talk."

"'I bring inquiry from a secret king,' the messenger told the butcher. 'Does thou have the feet of swine? And if so, does thou also oink?'"

"'Recall my House words: Dance your cares away, worry's for another day,' Mokey said. 'Recall the words of House Fraggle of Fraggle Rock!'"

"I waited patiently for my fortune as Seer Thomas looked for visions in the flames. 'I see fire,' he told me. 'Fire is in your future.'"

"The heroes celebrated the ogre's death with drinks at the tavern. Throm splurged, getting a venti soy cappuccino with a shot of caramel."

"She rode hard across the land of Pixelania. Her #835B26 horse galloped across the #4CB645 grass under the #E1701A and #E11A1A evening sky."

"It had been over 340 years since Elon Musk's chest held a human heart. Now it just held his spare rocket-propelled cybernetic sword arms."

Did you know we wrote a novel a while ago? Over 70,000 words of science fiction ridiculousness: http://t.co/7kVhktE2vk

"His cubes caressed her supple cubes. 'I want to cube your cube' she whispered. He was fully cubed, now."
—Minecraft: Desire³

"The raider punk, wearing heavy armor, moved as a ballerina, light in his loafers (he was wearing loafers and ballerinas are very strong)."

"'Yes, you started your quest because I died. Yes, I was the mysterious old man who trained you. And, yes, I am the bad guy. I'm your dad.'"

"The fat dwarf farted and my hobbit eyes watered. It stank bad. This whole case stank bad. Silent but deadly, like a mime with a dagger."

@JessicaChobot @BattleBots Grats on Battlebots! Very cool! Totally excited for its return!

"The queen slipped off her gown. She was beautiful, and her naked body-double had a great figure."

"The radioactive barrel of ooze dumped on his head and, through complex science, he became 'The-Guy-Who-Died-From-Radioactive-Ooze Man!'"

"It was the mermaid's first day at college. She was comfortable in schools but felt like a fish out of water since the campus was on land."

"The alien crash-landed on the alien planet. Everything was alien to the alien. The aliens stared at the alien and made her feel alienated."

She was killed. Gone. Dead forever.¹ She would never ever ever be alive again.²
————————————
¹ until next season.
² This sentence is untrue.

Thank you to all that supported us. You're the best. Our Kickstarter failed but that doesn't mean we'll stop trying to do more cool things.

Final day. Final 6 hours. Then we stop begging. https://t.co/EpdL5Zr9H8

@JimB_85 It's SLIGHTLY over nine thousand.

We're gaining speed with only $9,000 to go! Thank you for sharing and pledging! 21 hours to go! Sorry for yelling! https://t.co/EpdL5ZIKyG

@WilliamWight Ha! Thanks!

Can we raise 9,500 in 30 hours? With 11.5k followers, we think it can be done! Help us out and share! Thank you!! https://t.co/EpdL5ZIKyG

Maybe we will, maybe we won't. It can definitely happen! https://t.co/EpdL5ZIKyG https://t.co/w6Clwc9G70

We're gaining pledges! We can do it! 42 hours left! https://t.co/EpdL5ZIKyG

Find old favorites like this one listed in our book for easy reading while on ye olde toilet! https://t.co/EpdL5ZIKyG http://t.co/7EqnEgtbqH

We've hit the final 48 hours! We're only 25% funded but we still think it can be done! Call it a fool's hope. https://t.co/EpdL5ZIKyG

"Kara ran. After hearing that the name of this chapter is 'Kara Dies', she had an urge to visit the far coast. The King can rescue himself."

Not Awful. Good actually. Support this, too! https://t.co/tDPMpt32ab

Our Kickstarter is almost over. Get in on it while you can! Also, help us get funded! http://t.co/di28q1zkoh

"Known across Middle-earth as 'The Man With the Golden Lightsaber', Saruman stood atop Orthanc, being an eternal badass. Also, a vampire."

"'I call it the Realogram,' said the scientist hologram. It projected a real scientist showing a hologram that invented a better Realogram."

"'Gather 'round! Sit Orc-style upon the dirt as I sing my tales. And don't be so Elfy about it,' sang Feru, the politically incorrect bard."

"'Let's touch base and spitball some strategies for downsizing this upcoming orc horde,' the party leader told his adventuring staff."

"The Queen's body lay on the stone floor. She used to be cunning and beautiful, but unfortunately she fell in a really unflattering way."

A week left and just shy of $3,000 and 100 backers! We know it can still be done! We need your help! http://t.co/di28q1QVfP

"'The Port Village of Gamas needs me!'
And with that he got into his horse and pressed the go stirrup. Luckily he had a full tank of grass."

Another #ff follower promotion. #2: check out @geekcastlive for some great, geeky, gooey podcast goodness. http://t.co/b5UvSK9IEu

"'I'm the chosen–'
'WERE the chosen hero,' Zeno interrupted. 'They rebooted you yesterday. He has the same name, but he's way more gritty."

For #ff, we'll promote our followers' cool stuff instead. #1: Preorder @thegynomite's super guide to the Super You: http://t.co/okwJjnE4A9

“‘You brainwashed entire alien civilizations!’ she told Cult Lord Xemus.
‘In my defense,’ he said, ‘the Mantisoids will pray to anything.’”

A BIG thank you to everyone who has shared, pledged, or looked at our Kickstarter so far. We know how annoying we've been. We appreciate it.

"'I'm a Dragonmaster and my dragon is my slave. Our safeword is Arkenstone.'"

Here's a teaser for the maze from our upcoming book: if you go left, right, right, right, then left, it's a dead end! http://t.co/di28q1QVfP

"The effects in this book are written entirely in practical text with my typewriter. It does not rely on any CGT (computer-generated text)."

"'We will slay the dragon!' she told the townsfolk. 'But, adventuring is expensive, so we launched a Kickstarter.'" http://t.co/MsfpsW1MOt

"The heroes thought that the Elven city was stunningly detailed and beautiful. If it were a video game, it would clearly be the PC version."

"'Tell me of your family,' he said. 
'My sister was raised by wolves,' Anela said solemnly, 'well, for twenty minutes, then they ate her.'"

Kickstarter Update #2: 2000 and a Map! https://t.co/laVvRfnbvw

Which one of our tweets would you want to see illustrated and expanded into a full, awful story? http://t.co/di28q1QVfP

"He defiantly should of brought his bow. Irregardless, he was sure their was gonna be blood. 'Your going to die, dragon!' he yelled."

@Arlnee @jesserlucas She played after her shift.

@JohnyWhooof Thanks!

One of hopefully many more illustrations for us by @jesserlucas for HDoP32aOToAF. https://t.co/i9czDImiFc http://t.co/TYhBhvapLO

"Every thrust of the dagger was punctuated by a ragged scream. Each stab a complete sentence of pain in a paragraph of death."

Only 18 more days of annoying tweets reminding you about our Kickstarter. This book will be awesome. We swear. http://t.co/di28q1zkoh

"'I'll be front... I mean back,' said The Botchinator just before attempting to push on the door that was clearly marked 'pull.'"

"'Oh, the big battle is Thursday? I can't. I'm uh... washing my hair,' Richard said as he secretly grasped the Dagger of Little White Lies."

Help us get Cthulhu's story illustrated so you can really see how much of a dick he is. https://t.co/EpdL5ZIKyG http://t.co/G1TppBFMn5

"2042 AD. The Doomsday Clock Radio hit midnight and ironically played REM's It's the End of the World as We Know it."

Would you play a Dungeons &amp; Dragons adventure written by us? Purely hypothetical. By the way, we have a Kickstarter: https://t.co/EpdL5ZIKyG

"'We will find justice for the murder of your aunt and uncle,' Obi-Wan promised.
'Who?' asked Luke, swinging his new light saber around."

"The villagers knew the warlord was truly insane because his tunic said, 'I'm with crazy,' and it had an arrow pointing up to his own head."

We managed to snag a Kickstarter Staff Pick! http://t.co/PJ9kKWnxG2

"Suddenly it all made sense to Byron: waking up naked in the street after a full moon, the bestial rage, the stench. He was an alcoholic."

We want to write the full hobbit noir. Help us make Hard-boiled Hobbit a reality. https://t.co/EpdL5ZIKyG http://t.co/FYtrB3OzoS

"The Lion, the Witch, and the Dombås: A fantasy tale by IKEA."

We would love to be able to make our Awful book! Please help us spread the word and share our Kickstarter! Thank you! http://t.co/MzfK73z3FA

@acarpenter628 Yeah, we hope to have it within the book. As in, the last few pages will be the Daemon Queen's Saecret Tower.

@acarpenter628 No. A pdf of the Daemon Queen's Saecret Tower starts in Tier 2 and it will be in the physical book in tier 3.

The Kickstarter for @AwfulFantasy is now live!
https://t.co/EpdL5Zr9H8

"'All I'm saying is that the dragon's fire breath was just not hot enough to have melted the castle's support beams,' Daril whispered."

“She entered the immensely small and dangerously safe temple full of ferociously tame puppies and she was terrified of how brave she felt.”

"Dedication:
To my OCD. Without it, this story would have only been one book, but I had to split it into 9 books so my family doesn't die."

"'Each Silver Dragon Scale has the power to completely enrage the dragon you rip it off of,' he said wisely."

"While searching the ship for the alien, Chuck was startled by a cat, and rightfully so, as the cat was the alien. It disemboweled him."

"Emoticonious fell from his dark tower, his face was a mix of emotions:
:o
:(
&gt;:(

"The planet was cold and strange, like an old tube sock full of ice cream."

"The floor was becoming lava. Luckily, Nais had prepared for this since she was a wee Dwarf. She leapt from the sofa to a nearby recliner."

"He looked every inch the promised hero. Holding his greatsword aloft, his tramp stamp tribal tattoo accentuated his heroic lumbar posture."

"No one thought that a ragtag group of kids could infiltrate the alien mothership, and correctly so, as they were effortlessly obliterated."

"The Elvish prince was so powerful and legendary that his first name alone contained over twenty apostrophes."

"He was ugly, but incredibly witty. It was like someone was writing his retorts for him—an intelligent author who never uses a thesaurus."

"'Sorry,' said the cop, 'downtown's closed again. Avengers fought another villain. Destroyed four blocks. Killed hundreds, God bless 'em.'"

"Please hold this book 2 inches from your face for an IMAX Mind Experience."

"Luckily for Jeame, it was easy to discern that the wizard was evil since he had the word 'damaged' embroidered on his cowl."

"A hobbit flower peddler had stolen The One Ring and the Ents asked Dena to help find him. But she couldn't see the florist for the trees."

"Anah surprised everyone by still being alive. It only LOOKED like she was ripped in half and utterly de-boned by the mud beast in book 4."

"'First you're heir to the throne and now the best swordsman? How?' he asked.
'I'm the guy with the mysterious past. It's kind of a given.'"

"People floated in the water, convulsing, screaming for attention. 'What evil is this?' he asked.
'Victims of the Twitch Stream,' Kip said."

"'Yes, the Dark Baron is handsome, polite, and regularly donates to charities, but his name has the word 'dark' in it. He must be stopped.'"

We're planning some cool stuff. Kickstarter 05.16.15. Details at http://t.co/deW7WrC5Ub http://t.co/f5D8qIO0Vq

"Jess saw no signs of intelligence on this planet. The ape-like beings were primitive. She could tell from their outdated cellphones."

Congrats @kellilane11 for winning our Newsletter eBook Giveaway! She gets a copy of our ebook, John Rockman and the Trials of Galactar!

"The zombie groaned, his dead eyes rolling wildly. Susan was loudly slurping brains right next to him, and that was his biggest pet peeve."

"Rov, the promised hero, looked out at the advancing demon army.
'Fuck that,' he said, tossing his legendary sword in a pile of horse shit."

"The guards murdered the peasants as the royal minstrels played dubstep. They waited for the drop so the wubs would drown out the screams."

"'T-minus 15 seconds to tick-tock blow-up explosion time,' said the ship's advanced computer voice."

"In the end, Glorbo chose his brother over his friend. After all, hydrochloric Plutonian blood gelatin is thicker than liquid helium."

In one week we announce the winner of our ebook giveaway. Also, we will announce something else. Join our newsletter! http://t.co/1t6pCyp14x

"Readers: Since the protagonist of my next book is transgender, that makes it 51% not Sci-Fi. Look for it in the 'Gender Issues' section."

"The Pain Master was ruthless, twisted, evil, and relentless. But he could be super romantic if he wanted. You don't know him like I do."

"The creature chanted in a demonic language. Daniel didn't understand any of it. He thought he heard the word 'boobies,' but probably not."

"'Magic!? What do you think we wizards are? Nerds?' asked Marlon. 'No, it's much more logical... have you ever heard of midi-chlorians?'"

"'Sure, Saruman has a great anti-foreign policy, but Sauron is pro-death which I can really get behind,' Gut-Muncher confided."

"The Jedi Civil War ended with many casualties. On the bright side, there were no bodies to clean up and there were a ton of free robes."

"'I'm the most stealthy assassin ever!' she thought. So many people didn't believe her. Well, they would see. Everyone would see."

"Her beauty was immeasurable. If you had to measure it, do it with something like donuts. Cause you'd end up with a lot of donuts to eat."

"The Ye Olde Religious Freedom Decree finally allowed Gery to refuse his services to Faeries—once he chose a deity to worship, of course."

"The cave entrance was before them. 'We have arrived at ¹Scruffy Cave!' Kema announced.

¹This cave is named after my ex-girlfriend's dog."

"Gared, the sellout wizard, destroyed his foes with a single cast of Mountain Dew's Magic Missile."

@midnight Galadriel L Cool J #FantasyCelebs

@midnight Bill "The Pony" Paxton #FantasyCelebs

"In their secluded glen, the lovers made passionate love. They didn't even care about the elf furiously masturbating behind an elm."

"Forget Mount Doom, we need to go find Jesus, Mr. Frodo!"

@MallaryQuinn Love it!

@MallaryQuinn You're just too awesome.

"'Who here has the subtlety to slay the Watchful Dragon?'
'Me,' said Hermis as he walked forward. His giant perm bouncing with each step."

@MallaryQuinn Absolutely love this. Your style is amazing!

Wow! We're floored! RT: @MallaryQuinn I started drawing small comics based off @AwfulFantasy posts. it's super fun. http://t.co/wsD53cLvGn

"The gladiator battle was over when Olga, the warrior woman, broke a nail... off inside her opponent's skull. Her day job was carpentry."

@StefanNotSteven I don't suppose you can expect a man-eating blob to quit cold turkey. Not that it eats turkey.

"The man-eating blob decided to go vegan after seeing the inhumane conditions humans were being raised in (global warming, wars, etc.)."

"In the moments before Charlie the zombie was shot in the head, his undeath flashed before his eyes."

"Note: Remember when I spent ten pages at the start of this chapter discussing Elven wildlife? It wasn't just fluff. Here's a species quiz:"

"Deq didn't sign up for the Awful Fantasy newsletter because he's an evil wizard and also doesn't understand email."  http://t.co/pogSYH9fgT

"Kert passed out their armor.
'A G-string? Typical,' said Leah.
'Huh? No, that's Thar's B-String.'
'THE B IS FOR BARBARIAN,' added Thar."

"Binny leapt from the roof onto the orc's head, crushing it. Speaking of crushing it, Binny got straight A's in his Junior year at college."

"He was a Road Warrior. He went by the name 'Bear-Skinner'. But he never told anyone that due to his crippling social anxiety."

Big AF news coming soon. Sign up for our newsletter to be informed and maybe win something. http://t.co/pogSYH9fgT http://t.co/m5uptKPNMq

"A hologram appeared above his new watch. Sure, holograms had been used in watches since 2130, but THIS watch was gold plated."

"'It is not meant to be a comfortable seat,' Coome said, pointing to the overstuffed Bean Bag Throne."

"Waking up, he realized it was all a dream. And realized he was a Prince. He also got the girl... or did he?
To Be Continued."

"When his king died, Binny remained strong for the people. Speaking of strong, Binny can lift a dragon turd over his head with one arm."

"Dear Reader: I have a confession. I lost the notes for my 100+ established characters two books ago. I have no idea how to end my series."

"Eerie wind howled across the cave opening. Hark thought it sounded like words. 'Run' it said. Or was it 'Fun'? It probably wasn't 'Nun'..."

"'Mypee Nis Iz Ty Nee!' Fire shot from the wizard's staff, engulfing the brigands. He thought he heard them giggling just before they died."

"''Ye be warned,' the pirate began. 'The sea ye be seeing to set sail also be seen by the seamen seen sailing it, never to be seen since.'"

"One of the Mage's penny mutants shrieked as it died. 
'Is that all of 'em?' 
'Yeah.' Jellena sheathed her knife. 'I spared no ex-pence.'"

"Sandra had finally transformed into a werebat and soared high over the landscape. 'Hey! I can sonar my house from up here!' she squeaked."

"Hipster Bruce Banner started changing into the Hulk. His skinny jeans ripped away with such force that they decapitated a nearby child."

"'When it comes to 14-year-old Jon, Ned... you are NOT the father!' Ser Maury proclaimed. 'Next week: Is My Brother My Baby's Father.'"

"The brute wiped blood from his mouth, 'Your dead!'
'It's "you're,"' corrected Samm.
'That's what I said!'
'But it's not what was typed.'"

"'That's Tia. She's a deadly sleeper agent who was bitten by a zombie before she was triggered. Unfortunately her trigger word is 'brains.'"

"Gru'k was intimidating. His spiked helm shone with threat. His blade glistened with peril. His nipple tassels twirled in clockwise menace."

"'#I #am #the #tweet #demon. #I #feed #on #desperate #attempts #to #get #noticed,' it hissed at @katyperry."

#HarrisonFord

"'Ship, prepare for takeoff.'
'I'M AFRAID I CAN'T DO THAT, CAPTAIN.'
'Great, not only is my ship self aware, she's got low self-esteem!'"

@Raithstone Actually, it's The Unsure Kingdom, now that I think about it...

"There was only one thing that was certain in The Uncertain Kingdom: death. And taxes. Two things. Three, tops."

"Tvas rode his double decker horse into the swamp. The top horse was skittish, but he was in control of the bottom one, so he trudged on."

"Luckily for Shelma, the alien spoke perfect English for some reason. Also, it had a British accent so that meant it was wise."

"As the Guards carried her son away, Lenda literally cried her eyes out. Her eyeballs literally fell out and rolled away. Metaphorically."

"The heroes had finally forged the Legend Sword, but the Dark Lord stole it from them! The heroes cried and the Dark Lord felt like a dick."

"Vera, the unmatched swordswoman, had hung up her sword and finally given into love. She married the real hero, fulfilling her prophecy."

"And which God do you worship?' he asked.
'I'm athiest.'
'Which God is that?'
'I worship nothing.'
'Atheo, the God of nothing?'
'Yeah.'"

"'Priest! Heal me! I'm wounded!' he cried. The priest looked inside his bag.
'I think I have some ibuprofen? I'm sorry. I'm not a doctor.'"

"'Defend our Elvish bases against the Orcs! I will assign each a captain. Hew's on first base, Wot's on second, and Aid'ono is third base.'"

"The troll had beaten Terrus so hard that his entire face was bruised black and blue, but in the dim candlelight it looked white and gold."

"The mage looked through the Earth portal and saw a great deal: a '98 Taurus in fine condition, only 121k miles. Contact this author."

Our Scifi parody ebooks are free right now. Help us spread the word!
Galactar - http://t.co/SS4PzkM1iI
Cosmic Brain - http://t.co/TLhoLm7hlI

"'Zombie werewolf vampire bodybuilders, or zombwolfpiresbuilders! Take this silver cross garlic-bullet. Aim for their shrunken testicles!'"

"'No, I expect you to die,' Bo said. Then he began to laugh. Then he actually did laugh. Then he stopped laughing. He was just smiling now."

"'You fell for the Sorcerer's 1st Rule: People are idiots,' said Zid.
'But that's an observation.'
'2nd Rule: Only idiots question Rules.'

"'Can you give me a hand, stranger? I'm old,' said the elderly woman.
The stranger began clapping. 'Hi Old, I'm the evil Dad-Jokemancer.'"

"'Déjà vu is glitch in the matrix? What kind of glitch?'
'Just a glitch. We don't want to confuse the audience.'
'People are watching?!'"

"'Wh—who are you?' he asked.
'I'm the Seeker of a Sleuth—I mean, the Seeker of Truth. Sorry, marriage troubles. A lot on my mind lately.'"

"The Alien Council was burned alive. The Fire Planet envoy survived the attack, but died later by heart attack due to high cholesterol."

"The merchant was tall and black. I mean, he had an exotic skin tone. Not that white is necessarily the default. Maybe no one is white."

"The sea reminded him of a huge sea. The sky was like a cloudy sky without the clouds. And his rage burned like some sort of burning rage."

"Treebeard met his current girlfriend by very slowly swiping right on the Ent dating app Timber."

"'Above all,' said Egon, 'never cross streams.'
'Why not?' asked Ray.
'Because we can't swim. Elves like us just sink,' said Egon, the elf."

"Jex Astrostar: vigilante bounty hunter, laser gun sharpshooter, xylophone virtuoso, and irresistible to women."

"Yes, I'm an unreliable narrator, but I'm not unreliable because I lack credibility, it's because I always cancel plans with friends."

"'You want to know where your Lord father is?' He sat a skull mug down, laughing.
It was her father's skull. Kinda tacky, but there ya go."

@samjp270 Love this

@radtoria http://t.co/WjLceZpnoI

Quite an Awful story from @samjp270. The Tragic Parable of Hansel and Gretel, The Irresponsible Teenagers: http://t.co/P1iKmiAi75

"'Those aren't rocks, they're eggs! This is the aliens' bloody hatchery!' They were then swarmed and eaten by fierce, adorable alien cubs."

"The archer shot an arrow at Binny and he caught it. It was a hell of a catch. Speaking of a hell of a catch, Binny is husband material."

@nachoboy "One fryer to cook them all, one fryer to time them, one fryer to bring them all and in the oil fry them!"

"Seven Onion Rings were given to the Dwarf Lords, as part of their seven combo meals."

"Jack Torrence turned the maze corner, stumbling into something huge.
'You're a long way from home pal.' The Minotaur cracked his knuckles."

"'The price is your soul,' the demon said as he licked his lips. He had a bunch of human lips in an ice cream cone that he was licking."

"Pete the Pathetic stumbled into the Succubus' lair bearing roses.
'Pete, for the last time,' said the Succubus, 'I like you as a friend.'"

"Space Captain Mirc could finally relax, having survived the unluckiest day of the year: Galactic-date 87224-SC -988°a.N.a. the 13th."

"'What does this jester do?' the King asked.
'He makes up bad stories as a form of satire, my Lord.'
'Behead him,' the King said, unamused."

"A retro Actual-Reality Arcade in the year 4022: Everyone removed their VR visors and looked at things. It was old school."
#FF @skycurser

"'I smash you to nothing!' said the ogre. 'That's physically impossible,' said Dean. The others agreed, and the ogre admitted he was wrong."

@Veronica @ComedyBangBang which is improv almost all the time with great comedy guests.

"Binny leapt from the chandelier in a magnificent fashion. Speaking of magnificent fashion, he had a cool scarf on. The dude was a badass."

"'Is That a lightsaber in your pocket?' Leia asked Han.
'No. That's my blaster.'
'You gonna blast me?'
'Yes. But I'll let you shoot first.'"

@TimOfLegend Congratulations! Well deserved! Definitely not an awful game!

"'Hami? He's 32 and still lives in his mom's dungeon. The guy's entire wardrobe consists of skinny trousers and bard t-tunics.'"

"No one answered his cries for help. (This will make more sense later when you find out he's been dead the whole time.) Was he going crazy?"

"Suits of armor lined the dimly lit corridor. Chain mail bow ties and iron cummerbunds glistened in the torchlight."

@MattTheGweat No worries, just some generic drama. Any relation to actual events in the show is coincidence. We don't watch it.

"Sue was sobbing, knowing she was pregnant by her husband Ted's best friend. A zombie was in the background. Sue had to tell Ted the truth."

"Huta typed on his Spaceship console in the year 3405 AD. It was a shitty, beige CRT monitor system just like 1970s scifi movies predicted."

@FillerBot Had to look those status codes up, and it was totally worth it.

"The cyber hacker typed his HTTP codes to infiltrate the mainframe. 'I'm in their USB RAM! Downloading a Trojan horse to them now.'"

"Christian Grey pulled me close. 'I need you..' he said, 'to jump! It's a Fire Dragon!' We leaped from the exploding castle balcony."

"'Nanobots, assemble!' Opticless Prime commanded. They all transformed into impressive things, when viewed with an electron microscope."

"Baron Hibris stepped into the room. He started to talk but he died from poison or an arrow or something because who gives a shit."

"The moment took them. The two heroes stripped their tunics off and made out, hard. Speaking of hard... yup, you guessed it: a weiner."

"WANTED: Ash Ketchum 
For capture and possession of wild animals without permit, inhumane containment, neglect and illegal animal fighting."

"'Make way for the Hero of Legend!' Guards pushed people aside.
'That's him!' she said. 'That's the hero prophesied to be a lowly farmer!'"

@IndoorKids Diabologna and cheese: Lots of layers. Toasted at the bottom.

"'Fae is sick. They call it the Plague. The Wizard said he can protect us with a spell.'
'Hmm, best not. I hear his spells cause autism.'"

"After losing a testicle to a wild dragon, Ormo was brutally killed by villagers when he was mistaken for a savage, uni-nutted Ballclops."

"The carriage driver ran his carriage into a ditch trying to write a message into his scroll. Such are the dangers of scribing and driving."

"'Who are you, and did you just step out of a magical porta-john?' she asked, surprised.
'My name is Doctor Poo, and this is my TURDIS.'"

"She continued into the labyrinth. She went right, left, left again, straight, right, wolves killed her, parts of her went left, right..."

"The Suprabowl: it was the biggest event of year 4126. It was like the Superbowl, but involved actual cool stuff like holograms and lasers."

"The elf shrieked when the door shut. Everyone in the tavern just busted out laughing. It was hilarious. I guess you just had to be there."

"I was born 41 years ago in the Lowlands of Scotland. I am mortal and I am not alone. I am the Lowlander and there can be only lots."

@AwfulFantasy "Rage filled her like a jar of sand."

"Rage filled her like sand in an hourglass, but instead of an hour, it was instant. Like an hourglass without the skinny part."

"The mage extended his arm, casting the spell of pods. The podcast was invisible, but the noise was great." #FF @ComedyBangBang @XFilesFiles

"'Take this silver bullet—the only thing that can kill the Werewolf,' she warned. 'And here's a regular chainsaw, which works too.'"

"'I'd love for you to be my squire,' Ser Hine told the lad. 'Alas, the position requires a four year degree with two years experience.'"

"The time traveler fired, missing his target—his only chance to save the future, lost. Luckily he had a time machine, so he did it again."

What does your awful author have to say? #AwfulAuthorNotes

Due to poor sales, I present the third reboot of my superhero novel, Hero Dude—now with impossible levels of grit.
#AwfulAuthorNotes

Thanks to @mrbobodenkirk for unknowingly, but beautifully, playing the part of Kor'thar in my latest novel: Dragon Butler.
#AwfulAuthorNotes

"'Why call me Chosen One?'
'We saw your face in the clouds!'
'Really?' said another, 'I thought it looked more like a melting puppy.'"

"Everything in the magic cottage spoke to Timmy! 'Keep me shut,' said Front Door, 'I like to see outside!' 'Kill me.' Toilet interjected."

@radtoria Absolutely disgusting, weird, and funny.

"The princess was so excited. Her favorite boy bard band, Lutes II Men, was going to perform their double platinum-ore single for her."

"Of all the hobbit-holes in The Shire, this dame had to walk into mine. Tall as she was beautiful. 2'3" and feet as hairy as my last case."

@THE_REAL_JLUCAS Maybe more so.

"Summoner Kol was too late in preparing for the imminent blizzard. The Magic Shoppe was all out of conjure bread and conjure milk scrolls."

"'How was the current year 3095 Galactic Scifi convention?' she asked.
'Boring, like always,' Zane said. 'Everyone just dresses normally.'"

"'Good news or bad?'
'Good.'
'I know these aliens' weakness.'
'And the bad?'
He was bummed, 'It's pessimism.'
The aliens exploded."

"Gunther knew the dimensional portal had taken him to a fantasy world since people started using 'shall' instead of 'will' when speaking."

"An Ogre on the opposing team grabbed the human head they used as a ball. 'Dis head be slightly deflated of brain! You cheat!'" #debraingate

"The spaceship was huge, at 475 space-feet wide, but the young, 22 lightyear old pilot could fly it as fast as 50,000 space-miles per hour."

"The wicked Necrolord cast deadly ice spells at Hamand. The ice was so cold that Hamand's nipples got as hard as the SAT math section."

"'AOLbot went haywire out here. Deactivated his entire family in cold oil, then himself. Some nights, you can still hear his modem scream.'"

"The God, Inog, created the Elves. He allowed the other Gods to influence His Elves for an Early Access Fee while he worked on glitches."

#FF Nerd Potpourri - Music, News, Awesome people: @Lorenguard @NerdistNews @JessicaChobot @TheJWittz @skydart

"The skeletons advanced. Jellena readied her axe, 'I've got a bone to pick.'
'Yeah, you boneheads,' Ben added.
She killed Ben first."

"Conan the Barbarian sat in his spaceship caressing his stomach—swollen with his alien love-child—ready for his next adventure: fatherhood."

"Possessor Jedd was able to inhabit the body of any creature to control it. He once entered a donkey, but not in the way I just mentioned."

"The Prince regretted spitting on the peasants. He stood too close and his royal doublet now reeked of decrepit groin."
#RichPeopleProblems

"Sir Fallik was easily distinguishable by the incredibly offensive family crest which adorned his armor: a raging boner on a field of blue."

"The Privy Knight, whose armor and maul were made of the hardened fecal remains of his enemies, looked menacing in a cloud of dried shit."

"'Time to assemble the Delusion Squad,' Bigfoot said. The Chupacabra finished sucking on a goat and blew the magic bagpipes to call Nessie."

"'This is Herg the Mentitaur.'
Herg looked like a normal man.
'What's a Mentitaur?' I asked.
'Brain of a horse,' she said.
Herg neighed."

"Count Bloodis thrived during the day. He was kind of a day owl."

"Even though Lindenroot had practiced his baton twirling for ages, few turned out to watch the Second-To-Last March Of The Ents."

"He covered his ears. 'Run! It's a Screecher dragon!' The scaly screeching Screecher screeched, screeching scary, screechy screeches."

We may have something Awful in 2015. #AnAwfulBook http://t.co/BIJ0rRHNnR

"Dr. Frankenstein was about to throw the switch, when he had a change of heart. And also a change of brain. His monster still needed work."

"The children helped the Princess tend her garden, so she baked them a delicious pie—filled with glass shards. Don't trust strangers."

"Mala woke from hyper-sleep and groggily looked at the crew still in their pods. Jones had an erection. They all looked so peaceful."

#FF Follow these amazing artists and get inspired: @jesserlucas @PuttyPusher @MattRhodesArt @mcleankendree

"The Sorceress summoned a viewing portal. Ronn could tell she was a powerful Sorceress, because her portal had a resolution of 4k at 60fps."

"Lord Wil pleaded, but the banker wasn't budging. 'I'm sorry, my Lord, but with a credit score of CDXXXIII, we just can't loan the gold.'"

@DanRyckert We're fans of your literary work. It might benefit from more orcs and elves, but call us biased.

"Zygon blushed faster than Mercury's orbital velocity as calculated using Kepler's second law of planetary motion. He was THAT embarrassed."

@SamSykesSwears @mSperoni A dragon wearing a cape? That's just silly. It was a cloak.

"The Albino Dragon was as white and as male as a hero in a fantasy story."

"The magic jewel reminded Gena of a bean. Not because of the shape or color or anything, but she licked it and it was beanish in flavor."

"Spider-Man punched Doctor Octopus in the face, knocking his sunglasses off. He also caved the Doctor's face in, instantly killing him."

"The siren's call woke a fierce lust within him. Sure, it was the Solar Storm alarm siren but he had acousticophilia which is a real thing."

"The dragon's long neck was long. It took long steps as it made bad sounds in its upper insides. (Thesaurus website was down.)"

@codeof_honor It wasn't much easier to write.

"It was a sunny day in punctuation land. . and ? were fishing in ;'s creek. They suddenly heard ,'s voice, '.! ?! :'s looking for you!'"

"Captain Fike had some downtime in deep space, so he made some food and logged onto his Spacebook profile to upload a hologram of his meal."

"Yeah, Dragons Destroy Kingdoms. That's What They Do. Now Go Away, I'm Eating: Book 4 in The Nihilist Hero Saga"

"Heronus swung his sword, severing the orc's head while the other heroes cheered. The orc's children starved to death over the next week."

"The magic Elvish word to open the door was pronounced 'telash'. Not 'telarsh' like those backwater, inbred Elves in the East say it."

#FF Sci-Fi, Fantasy, video games, funny. Follow @swordandlaser, @IndoorKids, @radtoria

"The townspeople gathered around. They all had long, tangled hair and their clothes were dirty and torn—it just screamed Middle Ages."

"Tentacles lifted Kep by his pants above the Snarnop pit. His pants ripped and, as he fell to his death, everyone glimpsed HIS Snarnop pit."

"The handsome knights in the practice yard fought, drenched in sweat. It was like their skin was vomiting salt water."

"The man from the land of Vanybon could speak with many hard to understand accents, but being from Vanybon, he had a very thick Vanyboner."

"'Fe-fi-fo-fum, I smell the blood of an American!' said the giant. Jack wasn't impressed with the giant's big stuff. He's from Texas."

"To nod in agreement at Hern's point, go to page 415. To complain about the increased price of potatoes in Kingsburg again, go to page 588."

"'You must enter the Cave of Deadness--named for the dead calm water within. It's quite relaxing, if you ignore all the animated corpses.'"

"'Glitterlove Silkenwings is Fancystar Sparklewood's naughtiest Wood Fairy,' the fairy cop said. 'He's a sex offender wanted for murder.'"

"The tree said, 'Mr. Owl lives in me, as heroism lives in you.' The heroes finally understood. 'And my leaves are like hair,' he continued."

"Harols opened the chest and beheld a beautiful magic sword. Sadly, after closer inspection, he saw that only Sorcerers could equip it."

"Tham could tell the man knew how to sword fight from the way he walked. He had a fighter's posture, and was sword fighting while walking."

nish. The Finnish tales suck.' Then the wizard died."

(2/2)

"The wizard coughed. He was dying. 'Gedris, come close. You must know.. You must fight on... For the greatest tales.. Are never.. Fin

(1/2)

@NadirHassanKhan Thanks! Hope you enjoy them!

"Hellanae loved the God Zeus. She was smitten. And by smitten I mean Zeus smote her with a bolt of lightning for some unrelated thing."

@Firbolg Foiled again!

"She was falling for her mummy classmate. Sure he was an ancient, dusty corpse, but this is pure, eternal teenage love we're talking about."

"Kelia, the CIA Agent Elf, jumped into the ███. 'How could you do that, ████?' he asked. ████ ducked and ███ █ ███. It was brown(ish). ███!"

"The necromancer woke in a cheery mood to a fresh new year. 'This is page 1 of a 365 page human skin tome bound with the flesh of virgins.'"

"The heroes barreled towards the future! The year 2015! The land where medicine comes in pill form! And food comes in food form!"

"The Cyborg saw a Retina-Scan locked door. He ripped a guard's eye out. He didn't need to use the door; he just likes ripping eyeballs out."

"It was the first time they had seen the immense dragon. It roared loudly, as beasts appearing for the first time are wont to do."

@Bemundolack And that makes us happy. We're all happy, now.

"The Fire Sword pierced her shoulder. It hurt like a normal sword stabbing but worse since it was a sword that was pretty much on fire."

“'Niah! Do you have a pair of Neuro-Unit Time-Suspenders on you?'
'Yes!' Niah hurriedly reached into his tech-pouch, fumbling for his NUTS."

"As Dracula bit into his neck, the clown feebly tried to defend himself with a pie. Dracula laughed so hard, blood shot out of his nose."

"Even though he was warned, Denus had sex with a bird-woman. Now he is slowly dying from a severe case of genital harpies."

"'Mystical forces prevent any but the Chosen One to wear the mystical Crown of Power. The Dark Lord can as well, if he really wants to.'"

Let's hear your worst/best #AwfulFanfic!

Harry donned the invisibility cloak as the troll swung his club. Invisible blood sprayed all over Hermione.
#AwfulFanfic #HarryPotterForever

"It's Denholm, reanimated by the Elders of the Internet!" Roy yelled. Moss lifted his sword, "Let me finish my milk." #AwfulFanfic @Glinner

"You'll never believe what the dwarf found in the chest. When I saw it I was floored! What he did with it next will have you in tears."

"The warrior cleaved the tree in twain with one mighty ax swing. 'Hark,' the townsfolk bespoke, 'he hath the strength of thine Spiderman!'"

"Spring had come for Icy the Snowman! The Sun melted his flesh away and his slushy entrails spilled out onto the road. The kids screamed."

"Twas the night before Christmas, when all through the castle, not a creature was stirring cause they all died from a brutal 3-week siege."

"The Wolf jumped from its cave and pinned Gerra down. It's brutal attack was viscous. (Yes I meant viscous, it was a Luntarian Jelly-Wolf)."

"In the end, the evil super-computer invaders were destroyed by an insignificant foe: the common trojan virus. And annoying porn site ads."

"The running makeup from her crying made her resemble a clown's ghost. Pilletus was scared of clowns AND ghosts yet bravely hid his terror."

"'u aint passin yo,' gandalph said to the balrog on teh brige of custard doom. galdalph said 'fly u fuckwits. wtf?' and made frodu cry lol"

"'My dagger is made from a dragon's tooth!' he bragged to the tavern patrons. He didn't tell them about his dragon-pube whip, though."

"On Feb 29, he secretly watched an Amazon bathe in a forest glade. He clearing-peered, clearly leered, and feared a spear on a leap-year."

"'I saw the Dark Lord in my dream! I saw Bobby Jo!'
'Silence, boy! You must never speak that evil name aloud. It strengthens him.'"

"Carl Sagan held the Universe with his strong, scientist arms. 'I'm sending my Voyager to Uranus.' The two made love for billions of years."

"The creature was made up of body parts of the deceased. Naturally, he was on a heavy prescription of anti-rejection drugs."

"As the aliens were probing Tommy, it reminded him of when he probed his grandpa back on the ranch. He loved probing into family history."

"'Woosh,' the arrow said as it wooshed by the halfling's head. The halfling said, 'Woah!' Then, he said, 'Ha!' as the arrow said, 'Thunk!'"

"'Yes, we did engage in enhanced interrogation against the Plutonians.' The Intergalactic Emperor said. 'Some were water-hover-boarded.'"

"The hills rolled away, turning to snow capped peaks on the horizon. It was a scene that would probably look best filmed in New Zealand."

"You're all racist,' Kilt, the dwarf said between swigs of ale. Like all Dwarves, he sounded like a typical dumb, drunk Scottish person."

"'You are the Hero from prophecy,' she said.
'Me? But I'm a stableboy--no one special.'
'You are? Yeah, maybe you aren't cut out for this.'"

"'I'm the evil Wordmancer! I jumble up the words so no one knows what I'm doing!' Todd ran for his life while the jfde shazf hffdj vgg..."

"'Do you know what happens when a toad gets struck by lightning?' Storm asked him. She honestly didn't know because she is quite stupid."

@wellEmber Hashtag this beauty!

The strangleroot had taken effect: he couldn't breathe. His face was the color of a suffocating peach. #AwfulAnalogy

The fog blinded the Elf. He was as blind as a bat wearing two eye-patches and with another eye-patch over its sonar thing. #AwfulAnalogy

Let's hear your best #AwfulAnalogy!

"Fredric coughed up blood, then died--crushed under his dead horse. Kym started beating the dead horse in a rage. She just kept beating it."

"Wondering why the dwarves gave up their plate armor for luscious furs, Egmir realized he had stumbled into a Dwarvish nudist colony."

"The futuristic tribe was tired of their drought so they deleted a goat.jpg and emailed their IT God asking for bit torrents of rain."

"'That storm do no be no unnatural. Aye, it be right not natural,' Captain Jones said. The other pirates agreed that it was—or wasn't."

"'I must confess something,' Peter Pan told Wendy. 'I got a Roth IRA this morning and I'm also thinking about buying an SUV.'"

"The Dragon burst out of the arctic ice, roaring fire. Santa's greatsword shone in the morning light. 'Here comes ol' Sir Nick.'"

"The time-traveler knew she was in the Middle Ages because she found a real medieval scroll. It was written in Papyrus font and everything."

"You have read your limit of (2) pages for today! Unlock (2) more pages by waiting 24 hours or pay 2.99 to read the next chapter now!"

"Suddenly, our hero killed the innocent child—to save his own family. (I bet you're torn about who to root for now, huh? Plz rate 5 stars.)"

"Winnie-the-Pooh got his paw stuck in a honey pot! And by honey pot I mean a forgotten bear trap. He was alone and hungry when he died."

"'Release Destrobot!' he yelled. Beauracratron-209 walked out instead. 'DESTROBOT REQUIRES PERMIT FORM D67. YOU HAVE 20 SECONDS TO COMPLY.'"

@self Sorry to hear that! The only other way to get our books would be to order the paperback copies from Createspace or the Amazon pages.

"The Terminator had been reprogrammed for dance. He showed John Connor an especially emotional interpretation of the danger he was in."

"Ser Ham was ugly. If you made out with him you wouldn't be able to do it for long, even though he had perfect teeth and a hot, hairy back."

"Dax wanted to catch every Pokémon! But one day he caught something new: he caught his reflection in the mirror and cried. He was addicted."

"'I seek an audience with the Goblin King!' the blacksmith said to no one in particular while alone in his house. Dementia knows no bounds."

"The Elf passed gas, and yet, it smelled as sweet as a fresh, fruitful orchard... after a donkey had shit in it somewhere."

"'I saw 2 witches! Witch 1 tried to eat me!' he told Hera. 'I don't know, which one?' she asked. 'No, witch 1 did.' he said. Hera shrugged."

"He retrieved a device from his spaceship's storage locker. It looked like something out of a Sci-Fi film. It fit in this setting, though."

"Female wizards aren't nearly as powerful as males. Luckily, women are wittier than men and make them nervous by flirting. It evens out."

"Edgar found a small alcove where they could set up camp. It was well hidden and had a good view of the sunset. It was super fuckin' cozy."

"Clawgor, the 90 ft. Dog-Beast, was very dangerous. In addition to having 5 heads, 60 claws, and 16 necks, it never had its rabies shots."

We'll be answering questions all day! Don't miss out on a chance to axe us something! http://t.co/WC5Cj8ivNd

We're doing an AMA at /r/fantasy today! Stop by and ask us things! http://t.co/WC5Cj8ivNd

"Zonir cleaned his sword of the blood of his foes. He surveyed the field of dead and dying. His tummy was grumbly wumbly. He was starving."

"'This is Fridge.' She pulled a file out. 'His mutant ability is being slightly magnetic. This allows him to wear kids' drawings at will.'"

"The Blademaster often shaved with his sword to increase his skill with the weapon. He even manscaped an incredibly lifelike hedge mammoth."

"Vader looked at him, 'No, I am your father." Luke was surprised, but he was okay with it. He was progressive and didn't see force color."

@Ascii211 Thanks!

"'The dragon's mouth is like a furnace!' she told Joe. Joe agreed. He thought her analogy was as perfect as a Dwarven-forged breastplate."

"'No man can kill me!' She removed her hood, 'I'm no man!' She plunged her sword into his heart. It didn't kill him. He meant no human."

"'Most of all, I'm thankful for you, mom.' She was touched. She cleared her throat. 'Eat up!' The Orcs feasted on innocent human children."

"The tree giant slammed his branches down, crushing Ben. 'Leave!' Jellena readied her axe. 'Wood that we could, but I'm one stubborn birch."

"His sword was made from the hardest metal known. Forged by hammers made from harder metal, but the hammers were all gone and didn't count."

"This audiobook of 'Harry Harbinger and the Dog Whistle for Dragons' will be read by Fred Stoller."

"Jen set her magic clock with a minute hand wind. It's set by the wind from her waving her minute hands. Tiny-hand Jen and her magic clock."

"The old hag's concoction tasted like puke cereal—without marshmallows."

"Limus noticed that the person who spoke was confident and a woman: the two biggest signs of evil."

"He pulled out four TrailFix™ trail mix bars from his pack. 'These will sustain us. They're all natural.' The heroes all gobbled them up."

"Luckily, Dracula's roommate, the Mummy, worked the day shift. He killed the vampire hunter, saving Dracula. He still didn't do the dishes."

"The dirt under her bare feet felt comforting. It reminded Lahra of her lover back home. Cause he was as old as dirt. The dude was like 40."

"Demons invaded the kingdom. At first the people panicked, but then relaxed when the demons took the low paying jobs no one else wanted."

"'Pregnant!' The Wizard showed her his pregnancy wand results. 'You also owe me a wand.' They laughed, but he meant it. It had pee on it."

"The year was 2544. Jack Hardas, a Cyborg Detective, drove his hover car through the slums of Future City on the planet of Laser."

"Visions came whenever she looked at him. They were always so cryptic: a bloody wound, a sword in his head, him dying. It made no sense."

"Lightning struck as Hane was playing Dragon Age: Inquisition! He woke in the land of Thedas naked, armed only with half a plate of nachos."

"The magic trap melted Taeman's face off of his skull. It reminded Hesder of melting spring snow, except super fast and bloody as all hell."

"Evil wizard Tez convinced the 2 warriors that they had to constantly hold hands through Stu'g Swamp or they'd die. They looked like dorks."

"Archmage Mose sneered, #FearTheSneer 'If you won't join me, you'll die!' #BrosBeforeMose He cast a spell of Acid Fog. #WhoLetTheFogOut"

Grab a mug of Ale--or any fantasy drink--and gather 'round as we read some of our favorite early tweets for you: http://t.co/Epb08LL7CG

"They were ready for battle—Gern with his scale mail hauberk and Xera with her fashionable scale mail bra and 6-inch scale mail heels."

"The crew disappeared into a wormhole. Not the space kind; a worm's tunnel. It was merely a coincidence that it led to another dimension."

"Dear readers,

Regretfully, book 5 in my series will be delayed for emergency family reasons. But mainly for Warlords of Draenor reasons."

"He stared wide-eyed at Kera. He looked like a Furry Banta. (Skip to page 316 for that goofy description.) Kera giggled at the comparison."

"The MagnoGun was so powerful, it could suck a pig through the eye of a needle. But, only if the pig was metal and the needle wasn't metal."

"Chapter 12: Kim
Kim didn't move, since everyone is a robot that only moves when Joe is around.
Chapter 13: Danny
Danny was motionless..."

"The skeleton raiders wore the flesh of innocents, so they looked like regular raiders, but deep down they were still scary skeletons."

"She fired the laser rifle. ONOMATOPOEIA! The shot hit his skull with a sickening ONOMATOPOEIA."

"Tanis had accidentally covered his hardwood floors with magic carpet. His guest bedroom was last seen heading east over the Dele Sea."

"'Hey dol! Merry dol! Ring my dong you willow!' Tom Bombadil said sensually to Old Man Willow. The two went Barrow-Down on each other."

AwfulFantasy presents: Sweet Tweets Volume 1: http://t.co/iulvgHe9S2

"Nenon the jester was mostly fun, but he had rusty hooks for legs and was often seen scaling the castle's outer walls at disturbing speeds."

"Vash was so terrified that if a doctor asked him to rate his terror on a scale of 1 to 10, he'd say 8 ½ without even thinking."

"Hija looked out from his campfire into the dark. Three pairs of malevolent eyes reflected back: two wolves and maybe a raccoon or a goat."

"Harv suffered a heart attack, then suffered a face and brain attack. The goblin archers were very precise in the targets of their attacks."

"Street fighting in Neptune's run down slums was a lot like golf. You had to follow through with every swing, and it took balls."

"His super powers allowed him to do almost anything. Except love another. Because he was also a robot. And a nerd."

"The rogue stabbed his friend in the back by actually stabbing his friend in the back. Also, he stabbed his friend in the back room."

"Rockis reminded her of a mountain: he was tall and his name had the word 'rock' in it, which is what mountains are usually made of."

"When the carpenter left shop that night, his tools came alive and sang and had an orgy. He returned to a fresh waxed floor the next day."

"As Qim walked through Fairy Forest, she noticed a hundred small fairies drifting around, all doing fairy stuff. Just everyday fairy stuff."

"The Ogre lifted the iron gate with all his might. Metal bent, the Ogre farted, and stone cracked as the gate was torn from the wall."

"The bow was awesome. Its wooden part was absolutely woodlicious. And its string was the best string money could find."

"The RoboMechz had saved the galaxy again and Tink thought briefly about how successful a RoboMechz movie series and toy line would be."

"He was brutally tortured. Imagine, as a young person, having no Wi-Fi connection for your electronic tablet. It felt kind of like that."

"Her Elven face was perfect. Her nose and eyes were not at all weird. She had hair. And her mouth was not disfigured; it was very figured."

"The full moon changed him. His mouth, hands, and hair grew. Basically everything grew except his humanity; that shrank. And his testicles."

"Wind whistled through the trees. (Play track 162 on sound effect CD #4). A crow cawed. (Play track 163 on sound effect CD #4)."

"'Fritz was a great barbarian,' Karn said sadly. 'I'm sure we will all miss the way he decapitated foes using only his genitalia.'"

"The friendly elderly traveler bowed his head. Jak noticed he was balding. He wanted to vomit. Obviously the old man couldn't be trusted."

"Unbeknownst to Dr. Tille, a fly flew into the teleporter! Luckily, her assistant got it out. The teleport experiment went flawlessly."

"The ice wizard was shocked to see the heroes ready for him. 'How did you know?' Jellena readied her axe. 'A little "Brrr" told me.'"

"Al gazed upon Cthulhu and was consumed with madness. Not the crazy kind, the angry kind. Cthulhu totally pissed him off. Cthulhu's a dick."

"The farmer pulled a dagger. Elsa stepped back. 'How can you betray us? We shared your gluten-free bread and organic sea salted butter!'"

"'I never thought I'd see an orc in a dress!' he exclaimed. Everyone laughed for two hours straight. No exaggeration."

"Foreward

There's a dragon behind you!

Not really, but I write so well that you may feel in danger when reading this book. I'm THAT good."

"The Gladiatrix chided herself for accidentally throwing her marshmallow-roasting trident instead of her foe-killing trident."

"Captain Blackhat used an eyepatch to hide his eye scar, but he couldn't use one to hide the scar his wife made when she left him for Jake."

"The adventurers' first stop was a modest farm. It had three dairy cows, a pen of chickens, and a few of whatever animals lay bacon."

"Nightfall. The gargoyle was freed from her stone curse 'til dawn. But, she was an introvert and just didn't feel like going out tonight."

"Wind howled. Then he barked. Wind was the name of Gan's wolf. 'Down, Wind,' he said to his wolf, who also happened to be downwind."

"'Sure, I'm the Spider-Queen, but I still put my pants on one leg at a time, like you. It just takes me longer cause I have way more legs.'"

"He was the most badass elf in the kingdom, from his perfect aim right down to his tight denim shorts."

"The arrows pierced his bone-house. He fell against a wall. 'I call my body my bone-house,' he groaned, just before he died."

"'Are you truly the heir &amp; King to Gordor?' she asked him. 'Yes. It's on the backburner while I follow my true passion: forest tour guide.'"

"Beatrice collapsed, knocking over her shelf of figurines. One figurine was an elderly woman, knocking over a tiny shelf. Irony. Death."

"The volcano erupted and lava rained down on the city. Some fell on the blacksmith and he died but it's ok cause once he murdered 59 kids."

“He eyed Rockman, searching for a glimmer of hope, 'We're outnumbered.' Rockman’s sternness and resolve wove together like snakes in heat."

"He sat under a large tree in a beautiful land that was almost exactly like The Shire, but different. It was much more humid, for instance."

"'What will you do now that you know the evil King is your father?' she asked. 'Hmm? Oh, nothing. Let's just forget about it 'til book 9.'"

"2690 AD. His job is to find space-answers, or spanswers for short. Detective Spanswers, nickname: Detspanswers. This is Detspanswers, P.I."

"Derris ran across the battlefield. A dagger in his mouth, bravery in his eyes, and female undergarments riding up his intergluteal cleft."

"'It was never the magic sword... the power was in you all along! Except the power of stabbing. If you need to stab stuff, use the sword.'"

"The Cartographalien removed his uniform. Cea was in awe at his taut, rippling topography and got a peek at his peninsula. She turned away."

"The Paradox Knight swung his sword down, parried by the challenger. Somewhere a butterfly morphed into a caterpillar. The crowd cheered."

"Mia came to. Her time machine had crashed into the Stone Age. 'I've been working too hard. I must've fallen asleep at the Wheel of Time.'"

"'The Count and the Vampirettes are playing the club tonight,' he whispered to Flade the Vampire Hunter, 'word on the steet is, they suck.'"

"The Unicorn was crushed under the Dragon's tail so hard that it went from Unicorn to Creamedcorn."

"She stared at her bow, thinking about the Orc army approaching. At least that's what Dann assumed, since this chapter is his perspective."

"The morning Sun rose like a piece of toast in a super slow-motion toaster. Like toast, it was hot. But, unlike toast, it was a star."

"'I'd kill a Cyclops for you,' he said to her. Little did he know he would never actually bed her, for he had been friend-realmed ages ago."

"'Magic Queen on the wall, who is the fairest mirror of all?' said the evil, sentient mirror. The Queen reflected on it. Then she screamed."

"Dedication: For Phil, who made me put the dragons in. And that duck-beast in chapter 6. I did what you wanted, now give me my family back."

"Doc grabbed Marty by the arms. 'Where we're going, we don't need clothes!' They then had a relaxing vacation on an nudist space-beach."

"Suddenly, he realized his biggest enemy was his own self-doubt, and not the 578 ft. Multi-Headed Omnidimensional Demon-Beast of Mgkhi'Krg."

"The tactical army plan was brilliant. The army split into 2 groups and both came at the enemy from 2 surprise angles. Obviously, they won."

"His arm was melting off. His sword turned into bugs. It was hallucinations from the Giant Scorpion's sting ... Or was it? (It really was)."

In lieu of an unplanned, sudden AmA where we cut in line, we are now scheduled for an /r/fantasy AmA on Dec 2. http://t.co/noB3vmStta

"He saw dark figures in his bedroom. Aliens. They had large, slimy eyes, small, slimy mouths, and evil plans as obvious as Hawaiian shirts."

"When she opened the music box, a wonderful song played. It sort of sounded like Deep Purple's 'Smoke on the Water,' but a fantasy version."

"Epilogue

If you, the readers, do not send me $1,000,000 in unmarked bills by Jan 1, I will kill off the main character of my book series."

"'They've taken Seer McRehnas prisoner!' he told her. Dread filled half of her bowels (the other half was already filled with turds)."

@elquesogrande1 We will definitely do that soon. Thanks!

"Before entering Demu's lair, the heroes took a bathroom break. Yara went #1 next to the trail while Grets and Reeno went #2 behind a tree."

"'Is the enemy space-laser dangerous? Imagine Earth as one of those long, hot-dog-shaped boxing sacks. Now imagine it blown to all hell.'"

"The magic tome flew across the room, slamming shut on Ben's head, crushing it. Jellena readied her axe, 'Well, that's one for the books.'"

"Yio picked Kif up and threw him down on the stone. Kif broke his back and broke his ribs and he was broke because Yio robbed him earlier."

"The jester put the ball under the 3rd cup. He switched the 3rd and 1st cups, then the 2nd and 3rd. Then 1st and 3rd. Then he died."

"Gjord was pregnant like a woman. But instead of a baby, it was a plan. And instead of his tummy, it was gestating in his mind-womb."

"The dragon fell hard and the ground shook like an old man being electrocuted while riding a pneumatic paint shaker."

"Benn was jealous of Hugo's messenger crow. Benn had last year's pigeon model. 'Curse my two-year pigeon plan!' he shouted in contempt."

"The crew floated in zero gravity. It was like water, but safe. Ken opened the hatch by accident and suddenly it was like water, but worse."

"'It's true!' the evil earthworm beast, Lord Soile, told Fye. 'I am your father and mother!'"

"Her lower body was chipmunk but her torso and head was human. 'I am a Chipmunkotaur,' she mumbled through a mouthful of acorns."

"'This is the Dreamworld and I'm the Dreamwalker. I will be your guide,' he told them. 'But we won't be going fast. I walk. It's my thing.'"

"As if the day wasn't bad enough, Derk mistook his coin purse for his colostomy satchel, dumping his entire life savings into the latrine."

"The blob enveloped her. 'Help me!' Cindy cried. Sadly, the jellied mass was over her mouth so instead she just blew a pretty sweet bubble."

"The goblin fell at Faye's feet, dead from her spear. An eggsac spilled from its reproductive flap. She held back a sob, 'He was a father.'"

"He was a judge, jury, and executioner. Also, he was an amateur chef and made gavel-shaped cupcakes for the other Judges every Monday."

"The Cyber Punk had an 8-bit attitude with a 64-bit ego, 2MB L2 cache of indifference, and a 3.4 GHz 8-core speed mouth for backtalkin'."

"The trap went off! An arrow shot out of the wall and Fen caught it...with his face. He died instantly. After an hour of screaming."

"'Did the dragon destroy your village?' she asked. 'No. It was a tornado. We have those here, too, you know."

"After eating Ken, the Mimic-Monster was speaking from the shadows using his voice. Ken talks with a lisp so it was scary but also funny."

"'Look to my coming on the fifth day, in the East. At dawn... 5pm at the latest,' said the cable guy of Thum'orra."

"'See that man?' she asked. 'Never trust that man.' She pointed to a strange man in the corner of the tavern. 'His name is Governmentus.'"

"John Rockman rode the mechanical shark like a space horse, emerging from the sand like a space cowboy riding through a sand waterfall."

"She vowed they would taste her blade which she called 'The Death Sandwich'. It had cold CUTS, SHARP cheddar, and she SLICED it diagonally."

"Zu, the cyborg did a seductive dance for Lea. Halfway through his sprocket accidentally flopped out. He ran from the room leaking eye oil."

"The evil sorcerer saw himself in his son... literally, since he was possessing his soul and making him kill innocent people."

"'Keep that bracelet safe. The Dark Lord made it with his own power to enhance his power if he wears it. He's really efficient with power.'"

"Bogli the Dwarf had to enter the dragon's lair alone. It was almost as daunting as the day he came out of the armory as a dwarfosexual."

"They approached the awesome city. It had awesome towers reaching to the sky. The sun was setting awesomely behind it. It was awesome."

"The portal took Sam inside of his favorite video game! Unfortunately he suffocated because it was a 2D sidescroller and his lungs were 3D."

"5/8 Gods were Half-Elves and were siblings to Gresda, but not Thurm (Trisd's son) who was uncle to Frek and aunt to Nelo's neighbor and..."

"He wrote in the Tome of Messaging to Wes, who infiltrated the tower:

-Did U find the Orb of Life?

A reply appeared:

-Not yet, lol. Brb."

"'What happened to the humans, ma?' asked the young rat. 'They were greedy so they all died,' the mommy rat replied. 'Way back in 2017 AD!'"

"The jousting knight was about to charge Ben when the remaining heroes arrived. Jellena readied her axe, 'Looks like we're joust in time.'"

"The archer was the greatest archist in the kingdom. Even her posture was amazing because she was always arching her back."

"Congrats to the highest donator of my crowd funding campaign! The villain in book 2 will be named Baron Von PoopenShniff as you requested."

"'Class, wizards use the five elements in magic: Earth, Fire, Wind, Water, and Heart. No one uses Heart, so I wont bother teaching it.'"

"Ges lifted his hand and the guard just up and died in 1 second flat. He does it all the time like it's nothing. 'I don't care,' he'd say."

"'I am Jindo, the horse man,' he told them. Jindo the horse man was 0% horse, but he was like a horse in that he had sex with horses."

"The creature had been in our cabin. The couch was shredded, glass was everywhere, and there was Bigfoot poo still floating in the toilet."

"He returned home to find the soldiers killed his parents. And an owl ate his dog. And his grandma exploded. "Nothing is left for me here.'"

"Alanna was irritable tonight since it was that certain time of the month; she was a werewolf and it was a full moon. Also, she had cramps."

"Tedras bolted awake. Turns out that everything that happened in the poorly reviewed book seven was just a dream!"

"Reality was crashing down. 'Shakespeare was wrong! The roses on Planet 309sd smell like coagulated rectal discharge,' she sobbed."

"'The aliens gave us new technology!' He held up a complex machine with rotating orbs. It was attached to a long hose jammed in his butt."

"The Dwarves sat down for a game of Offices &amp; Executives. Thimlo, playing as Ted the Lawyer, rolled a 9 to dial out with his +1 desk phone."

"He turned to show her his face. She screamed. It was sickening, like loudly slurping soup when I'm trying to read. He was a monster."

"Dante was dubious. The curly-Q slide looked fun, but like the fireman pole before, it would probably take him to the next Circle of Hell."

"The cultists stood in a circle, chanting in an ominous chorus. The new guy was way off-key so the demon they summoned was missing an arm."

"The cyborg pirate scoffed, 'Arrg, I buried 2 TB of BitDoubloons deep in the cloud along with some saucy nudes and you'll never find 'em!'"

"'Careful. You fall and even I can't drag you out.' They trudged on through the swamp. His arm brushed a penis-shaped mushroom on a tree."

"Gimli dropped his robes, revealing his nakedness to Legolas. 'Toss me. Toss me into your bed.' Two new towers were erected that night."

"The Witch's garden was beautiful, Jen noted. It was almost too perfect. Nothing bad is going to happen, it's just really nice."

"'I am the Seeker of Honesty!' she said as she drew the Sword of Honesty. She was then immediately killed by the Mace of Immediate Killing."

"CHAPTER 1

It was a dark night. There was a full moon AND it was 3am. The situation was ripe for zombies. And that's what happened..."

"The six Heroes of Legacy finally arrived! The Archer! The Warrior! The Wizard! The Barbarian! The Woman! And The Paladin!"

"'The Bat-Beast of Ricahra can see just fine so it uses its sonar to explode people!' he screamed through the misting blood."

"He had no choice but to enter The Zone. The radiation levels there would be severe, but he could hold his breath for a really long time."

"The space battle waged but it was quiet because there's no sound in space. One ship exploded with a super loud BOOM which made no noise."

"Grans was stabbed and all his senses knew it. He saw blood, he smelled blood, he heard blood, he tasted blood, and he felt blood-y awful."

"The stone maze wouldn't end. Well, she hit dead ends constantly. The stone maze ending wouldn't end. The stone maze was endlessly ending."

"You may ask us one question, but one of us lies and the other tells the truth, and I'm required by law to say one of us is a sex offender."

"'My father was the King of the land of Ithaco and all surrounding territories,' the Mermaid said, 'and my mother was a trout.'"

"Stress sneaked up on him like a ninja who, instead of killing, gave stress to victims. Though, ninjas that kill are pretty stressful, too."

"The Dark Lord used human flesh as toilet paper. And he used human eyeballs as grapes."

"With regret, I will not be finishing my gambling time-travel series, Time Slots, since the time-travel has gotten far too confusing to me."

"The giant Kraken's tentacle emerged from the water wetly. It reached wetly, grasping Captain Hops by the waist, wetly crushing him."

"The ranger looked ready for anything. He was tall and slender with dark brown hair, a full beard, OCD, and some thought he had ADHD."

"The situation was tense. All of the lights were flickering, steam shot out of the walls, and sparks flew from several dramatic angles."

"He woke from his coma to a doctor standing there. 'Welcome to the future, Mr. Wu.' He looked around and yup, there were robots everywhere."

"The orphan boy they found wouldn't speak, so they brought in their only female Astro-Marine to talk to him. Women are great with kids."

"He stood like a mighty forest. His head was like the canopy, his chest was the monkey-zone, and the hair on his toes were like shrubs."

"This book was nonstop adventure... well, not the adventure part... just nonstop part. It wouldn't end. -Bill Tratt" http://t.co/4EI4uIc00x

"Hope still lives in the depths of the dungeon! Because she's being tortured and they still need to know who she's working for."

"It was easier for Lord Magmus to incinerate large groups of people if he pictured them all in their underwear."

"'There is but one way for peace! You must give me a name, Sebastien!' cried the Man-Like King. 'You look like a Larry!' Sebastien screamed.

If you like our tweets, you might like our scifi book. It's free for a couple days. Think of it as a 70k word tweet. http://t.co/ZaZI2GldSg

"Sanity was slipping from Tess. Up was down. Black was white. Anime wasn't the greatest narrative experience in history. Her mind was lost."

"The biologist saw evil in this alien being. She saw hate and greed. 'I'll call it, "human".' Her skin was blue. She was really the alien."

"I found Jared with a book in his hand, two books on his lap, and four million more books on top of him. Crushed by the evil Novelmancer."

"The common room was rowdy. There was gambling, raucous laughter, and sexual harassment. It was a two star online review kind of inn."

"Buma was thrown over the edge of the cliff by the orc. Obviously she's still alive and if you thought she died then you're a huge idiot."

"'So this is how it ends, huh Theo?' Curt sobbed. 'I never thought I'd live long enough to see myself die.'"

"Bob turned to Rae. "I want brains,' he moaned. Rae suddenly realized Bob was a zombie the entire time. The music got really suspenseful."

"Sonya struggled to cover her ample cleavage with one tiny hand as she was thrown through the portal into the World of False Modesty."

"'The grass is always greener in the other dimension!' Chuk said. He was right. The grass is 130% more vibrant in Dimension 344-aB6."

“'So our cargo is important?' asked Maria. Rockman looked up toward her, his eyes ablaze with fervor. He was extremely stern. 'Mmm-hmm.'"

"Samm was able to talk to wolves with his mind. He also could write them letters and post cards if he was too far away."

"'I don't believe in destiny,' the destined hero said again. 'How can I possibly defeat the Warlord? I'm just a super-ripped nobody.'"

"Fen's magical jewel was so completely interesting and unique looking that it can't be explained in words. It's pretty cool, just trust me."

"The arsenal was filled. It had axes, swords, other swords, long sticks with axe ends, and sticks with other kinds of non-axe ends."

"The evil wizard chef trapped the heroes in a house made out of bread dough. Jellena readied her axe, 'We knead to get out of here.'"

"The Elvish lovers embraced and fell onto the bed. They had standard sex which lasted for 12 hours and they did all the positions."

"The seductive woman was in all red. Everything was red. Her dress and hair and lipstick and shoes. She also loved books and was well read."

"His head, a somber cantaloupe. His smile, a rotten orange slice with yellow banana teeth. A disgusting fruit medley played in minor key."

"Gad opened the chest and a trap went off with a SHING or a THUM. He barely dodged it in time. He had a cut or a bruise from it in the end."

"He touched the Unicorn and his worries washed away - and so did his hopes and dreams and memories. It was a Uni-horned  Amnesia Horse."

"In an instant, all of the zombies in the world of Regtharad suddenly turned into much more interesting wights!"

"She looked at her friend's sword wound and saw guts oozing out. His red organ, food pouch, and poo tunnel were all showing. She retched."

"And the day was saved yet again by Gary the Wizard's right to carry a concealed wand."

"The alien had what looked like a pair of human breasts for a face. 'Cross me, and you'll never see your family again,' he motorboated."

"The giant's tower loomed before them. Also, the giant's loom towered behind them. The giant liked to weave."

"The Steampunker landed on her airship deck. She was covered in gears and tubing and pistons. 90% of the stuff didn't do anything."

"Snasha threw her javelin at the enemies. It speared through five in a row and looked like that meat and veggie stick thing that you eat."

"After destroying the Orb of Peace, Altrus the Backwards Warrior grabbed his sword by the blade and beat his friends with the hilt."

"With regret, I must end my new series, The Racist Apple, as I realize that kids aged 3-4 may not be ready for the cold realities of life."

"Berra sniffed the air. 'I smell the scent of Orcs. They came down from the North. They then captured us. I'm being skinned alive.'"

"The Headless Horseman caressed him and whispered into his ear. 'Let us never fight again.' Ichabod threw his arms around his new lover."

"The alien ship was UFO-shaped. It was hovering in the air like a very quiet, UFO-shaped helicopter. Meg and her friends were extra scared."

"Denn surveyed the futuristic city. There were futuristic buildings and flying cars that looked all futury and shit. The cars talked, also."

#JohnRockman #AwfulFantasy http://t.co/YMiV8LDts5

"Tim lifted the toilet seat and found the magical world of Marnia. It was hard to get his cat in, but he needed Mr. Whisker to scout ahead."

"The adventurers knew the perfect time to strike. They busted into the dragon bathroom and caught Flogdor with his scales around his claws."

"The dwarf was short and squat like a mushroom. A mushroom that screams when it's stepped on and tastes like meat when it's eaten."

"Froa lifted hard with both arms, pulling the stone up off Foyd, then, pulled him out with her third arm (she has three arms from now on)."

"Magic shot out of the wizard's hand and blew up, spraying magic all over the bad guys. They of course all died from magic poisoning."

"Bree secretly dropped the poison into Gug's mug. But the year was 2045 and there are no secrets. She was arrested and waterboarded."

"'Who's crazy enough to infiltrate the dungeon?' 'Me.' Held said, stepping forward. His lacy black nighty fluttered in the mountain wind."

"Sean looked into the fires of the future and saw his people being held as slaves. He also saw book 2 in this series releasing May 2015."

"He lunged for him, knocking him off his horse. He fell on him and he wrestled him off himself. His face was bloody, but not as bad as his."

"The 42 dwarves heard a crash! Blorfin stood and Florfin gasped. Plorpin and Storfin snorted. Plorfin wheezed. Bluber jumped. Pluber..."

"'Throw the jewel into the fires from whence it came!' Gilfinder screamed to Flord. Flord sneered, 'No, it's my own, it's my shnookylumps.'"

"The creepy Prince reached out to touch Maria's face. She recoiled, like a hobo being peed upon."

"The slimy Mole-Monsters tunneled up through the ground, their chunky skin a horrid sight. They looked like my neighbor Mike's middle kid."

"The Hellhound's leash was made from human tendons. Its spiked collar was made of human teeth. Its knitted sweater was made of human hair."

"War broke out. A knight shot another knight with his crossbow. A man stole bread and got his face cut off. Wilhelm screamed. Pure chaos."

"ROBO23 stood. 'I MUST RELEASE WASTE.' Ricks chortled, 'Going number 0 or number 1?' ROBO23 detected humor and engaged laughter protocol."

Help us spread the bad word. Please RT. #awfulfantasy http://t.co/6J9ywKpq3B

"The castle had apparently been abandoned for a while--no guards at the gate, no children playing on the grounds. It was also in ruins."

"I dedicate my book, The Forests of Lalaria 2: The Deforesting, to my future, large-breasted wife who loves manga (Naruto, Yu-gi-oh, etc.)"

"The Smith began his work on the sword. First, he created the hand hold. Then, he made the thin part, making sure the edges were sharp."

"The Elf smiled as wide as a wide canyon and his eyes were as black as a dark canyon. He bowed as deep as a canyon. "My name is Danyon."

"As the ultimate revenge for the curse of pettiness the witch cast upon her, Mabel stomped the witch's flower bed, ruining her perennials."

"The Druid, with his three animal companions, awoke to a falcon greeting them in the morning. That made three familiars and one unfamiliar."

"The meadow was brown like a brown shirt with a meadow design on it."

"The demon charged at Wert. That's when Wert pulled out the hidden dagger I forgot to mention he had. It was in the outline and everything."

"Pev opened his favorite Elven book.
'Do you like that book?' asked Mel.
'Yes!'
'Then leave a review! Don't be selfish!' Mel said justly."

http://t.co/GcTALnH6qZ

"'I'll be frank.' he told Quas. 'Can I still be Quas?' Quas laughed. 'Your dad was killed.' He handed Quas his father's decapitated head."

"It looked like a sword had struck him in the face, then exploded, which was apt because it was an exploding sword that gave him the wound."

"The 7 Great Wizards battled atop Crüth Tower. It was so intense that one Wizard soiled himself. But, they were all pretty mature about it."

"After impaling Ben, the haunted bicycle turned hungrily to the remaining heroes. Jellena readied her axe, "Let's stop this vicious cycle.'"

"His pace was fast, like his racing mind. Also, his horse was racing like his mind and his spirits flew like a nearby soaring hawk and..."

"A witch flew into the room, laughing maniacally. Chett caught her in his hat. Chett was a giant. This all took place in a giant's house."

"Exiting the time machine, he stared at his younger self. A paradox caused them both to explode, spraying blood all over the 4th dimension."

"'No! I don't want the ability to destroy things with my mind and talk to dragons! I just want to be a farmer and grow turnips!' he cried."

"12 rings were given to the Rabbit Lords who, above all, desired to nibble on them like cabbage."

"To investigate the barren planet, go to page 67. If you don't want to investigate, go to page 1 in another book. I'm the author, not you."

"Sid loosed the arrow. It flew like a lightning bolt, but straightened out and made of wood. It struck like wooden lightning."

"A werewolf jumped into Jon's carriage and ravaged his passengers. Jon looked up at the new moon with relief; it was just a normal wolf."

"She applied lip makeup and eye makeup, like women are wont to do. The prince was going to be so enamored. Lastly, she applied cheek stuff."

"'How'd you get that scar?' he asked. 'Burnt by soup,' Tret grunted. 'Not every scar is from battle. That's how realistic this world is.'"

"The evil demon goblin chef was in his kitchen sizzling a couple slices of human bacon. The whole experience was absolutely terrifrying."

"The biclops looked at them with his two evil eyes. He grunted in a language that everyone understood. 'Get out of my house,' he shrieked."

"'But we all saw you die!' she sobbed. Gavid was grinning. 'That was before we new about this convenient and specific spell!'"

"The world of Bottom-Earth was created by five Gods. The one with the biggest rack was Prennus, the Goddess of seduction."

"The million year sun was finally rising on planet Grejhty. It was huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuge."

"Lia stepped off her ship onto the planet. 'That smells gross, Ben.' Ben was confused until they both died. The atmosphere was methane."

"'This place is booby-trapped with emotion detectors!' he said neutrally. Abe started crying at the news and a laser shot him in the head."

"He groaned—like the trees—save one—it was silent—like he was before he groaned (loudly)—and continued on—not that he wanted to."

"Alnor Galestorm and the Temple of Grown Men Wearing Diapers for Fun (Book Two in the Open-Minded Adventurer Series)"

"The beast made a high-pitched, raspy growl that sounded like a baby choking on cabbage."

"His resolve was as hard and unwavering as the medieval version of concrete. He grabbed his medieval version of a sword and stormed off."

"'That was quite a wizard class today, eh, Henry?' Henry wasn't listening; he was too worried about the silly frog in his trousers!"

"'There is no more peace in this land,' Gary the Barbarian bellowed across the Plains of Death as he rode towards The Forest of Destruction.

"Theon Lightspear and the Incredibly Acceptable Fecal Fetish (Book One in the Open Minded Adventurer Series)"

"The zombie clawed at the door. Ed blasted it with his shotgun and they all had dinner--careful not to eat the food with zombie guts on it."

"The young Dwarf was in a bad mood. It was understandable, being short in a tall Dwarf's world."

"The beast had five heads, four eyes, and a long, slithering neck. Kind of like this author's bitch of a mother-in-law, Beatrice."

"The palisade was deficient of any adornment. It was contrived of ligneous cantilevers protracting horizontally, systematized skyward."

"Beldina watched as the new prisoner was shoved into her cell. Later she watched the new prisoner use the toilet but such is prison life."

"She was stunning. Sure, she was missing her head, but her body was still perfect. Maria was jealous."

“'You're rusty. Always keep up on things that interest you. Never stop learning.' With that, Rockman sliced his foe into two equal pieces."

"Gent popped open a cool, refreshing cask of Koke and drank thirstily. 'This is my favorite drink, second only to Mountain Bew,' he gasped."

"The darkness enveloped him like a letter being put in an envelope. And he was being mailed off to Deathtown, first class. Postage paid."

"The Hover-Taxi glided harmlessly over him, crushing him to a pulp with its magnetic field. Blood splattered on the unscathed cab."

"The Prince entered. His eyes were almond shaped and colored brown, like almonds. His ears looked like larger, more round and flat almonds."

"In no time he had the sword master on his knees. He was the chosen one. He didn't need to train very much with a sword because of magic."

"'You know the old saying,' Blogdor cooed, 'out of the frying space-pan and into the fire-replicating heat simulator.'"

"They were alien eyes. The bottoms of his eyes were red like the reddest part of fire and the tops were as white as old smelly space-eggs."

"The Temple's only entrance was past the Altar of Pain. Harris didn't like that place because he is going to die there on page 455."

"Frinde cast a spell of dryness on his hands so they would think he was confident in his upcoming wizard interview."

"It was four days and eight nights later that Tremmus finally realized the planet's sun was destroyed by the evil wizard."

"The Seductress rose from the pond. The knight was confused, but since she was naked, he was also aroused. Also because she's a Seductress."

"'That is a fancy blade you carry,' he snarled. 'Can you use it?'
Onis nodded, then chopped up the carrot and added it to the stew.

"Rorgo the troll burped. 'Excuse me, that was rude of me,' he growled. The Halfling agreed but was still going to die in a minute or two."

"The sky hocked a loogie of storm clouds. They oozed overhead like ooze. They were dark grey. They blocked most of the sun. It was macabre."

"Two creatures emerged. These creatures looked just like humans, but they had green skin, no noses, scales, backward knees, and tails."

"Everything was very calm on Planet Erogous. Except when it wasn't, which was right now."

"The dagger was crafted in the fires of a dragon's flame. So you can see why the wizard put it in the case labeled 'expensive daggers'."

"The Plorpal butter steamed on the pile of Dstart Tarts and it looked delicious. The table was made out of Fddord wood and it was Mlee!"

"The deep voice bounced off the walls of the large room. The echo was cold, evil and evenly distributed, like Socialism."

"Quicksand swallowed up his legs quick as spit. He looked over to his friend, who was now neck deep in the spit pit."

"Only mortals called him 'John Rockman'. Trenipus, the only immortal he’d ever met, called him Richard for some reason."

"Fire roared from the dragon's mouth. It was actually roaring, because fire is a living being in the world of Rainboria. It's a parasite."

"The gladiator was as tall as a freakishly short giant."

"Spella giggled. 'Your wizard wand is poking me!' Harold the Wizard replied sternly, 'That's not my wand, that's a DEATH COBRA!'"

"Harus couldn't tell which he feared more: the evil Witch Lord Space Captain, or his new BE-090 Laser Pistol with its faulty charge tubes."

"The wizard was in his head. He screamed. His bowels released. The wizard wasn't having any of that, so he killed the man."

"The Pirate named his price: 'Arg, I'll take no less than 160,000 pieces o' eight.' He was paid. The Pirate now had his 20,000 full eights."

"The armies roared outside while the king sat on his throne, contemplating. 'Why are the armies merely roaring and not fighting?' he asked."

"Tem knew the soldier's manual covered security breaches, but his mind was blank; not because of panic, but because he was old and senile."

"Into the fire! Into the Sun! Off went the army, bounding down the hills of fire and dying in flame! Never have a war on a star!"

"He was awkward in the saddle. As the horse galloped, Brod looked like he was getting drilled by one of the Lost Souls of Rainbow Mountain."

"The cursed book opened to a page all by itself. It was a recipe for a poisonous pie. The chef was appalled, and now cursed."

"The halflings skipped down the path and the tree was wondering, "Where are these little ones off to?" And the owl was all, "Hoo is that?"

"It was a being from another dimension. It looked like what you might feel if you smelled your own thoughts burning. It was that abstract."

"Wolves howled at the full moon. Jack, the werewolf, twitched. He'd howl back, but he was already getting stares from the dinner guests."

"The shape-shifter called his pet owl down to his arm and quickly turned into a hawk and ate it because he was possessed by an evil wizard."

"Jupiter's surface shook. The rock came up in jagged shards and the red storm sucked the trees into the sky. It was a huge Jupiterquake."

"Aeronis, the Wood Elf, couldn't save his village from the troll hordes. He was only 359 years old, just a child! What could he do?"

"Walking into the ship's transport portal, he noticed a tingling in his bowels. It felt as though someone gave him a fizzy candy enema."

"He tried the food. The sci-fi meal pills here were large and rigid. Not like the smaller, smoother ones from home. Foreign food is odd."

"Trudging through the Swamp of So'ra'goh, Elipsio fell into some Elefant poo. It was a perfect metaphor for the US government, in a way."

"The planets collided above them. Meteors and shooting stars rained down all around the people. Wishes were made, and people died."

"The giant eagle dropped her off in his nest. She was glad to be alive, but there was no way out. That's when she met SipSip, the bird man."

"Rockman didn't speak the creature's alien language, so he didn't trust it. 'Never trust someone you can't talk to,' he warned his friend."

"This planet's sun was so hot and orange, it reminded Riker of an orange (the fruit) straight from a kiln, and on fire."

"He turned sharply, face blocked by a jungle plant. 'What did you say?' His stern turn and firm concern yearned to learn through the fern."

"His chest heaved heavily. There was a wheezing sound. Everyone ignored it since he was so close to death. 'Let him die,' said Ro, the cat."

"Tired, worn-out, sleepy, and exhausted, the party of heroes had to sleep, if but for a moment. They died in the night, the end."

"'Revenge is a dish best served cold', said Hormus, 'and my sword is freezing.'"

"Earth's army gave the space-soldiers all mission-issue attire right down to the mission-issue genital-cupping red white and blue briefs."

"Harold was standing too close to the exploding galaxy so his face melted off."

"The cave was ominous. The explorers were looking for gems, so they continued. Suddenly, a trap went off: the perils of treasure hunting."

"'Never barge into a wizard's room uninvited,' he said. He meant because he was naked, but he also kills intruders with death spells."

"The beast howled. It's rage was as thick as sap from a tree as wide as a ship as large as a big ship. Cluto almost stabbed it, but didn't."

"The devilman sneered. Fire licked at his feet making them wet AND hot. Flames nibbled at his nipples. It was firerotic."

"The mysterious figure was sharpening a knife in a dark corner of the common room.
SHRICK.
SHRICK.
SHRICK.
SHRICK.
SHRICK.
SHRICK.
SHRICK."

"The planets aligned, and the secret underground passage opened. The events weren't connected. Hilam was standing on a hidden button."

"The room was a mess. Space-books scattered everywhere. One book was open all the way, like Rockman’s mind always is."

"The spoils of war. Jaret and his men claimed all the pies and the women, first. Jaret's favorite type of pie was rhubarb."

"'Oh-le-lo-le-flood!' the singing man sang. 'Me pants and tunic are slick with blood!' The orc stabbed him until he stopped singing."

"The puddle on the forest floor reminded Farnglorn of his wife back home. Silent, serene, deep, and super wet."

"The goblins were dancing and chanting. They tried to stay hidden in the bushes, but Tara screamed when fire shot out of one goblin's anus."

"Behold! The cow-beast of Nortrador! Her udders bold and full of death-milk!"

"'This book... is not a book for you to read,' said the mysterious shopkeeper in a strange whisper. 'It's my diary and it's personal.'"

"Word came down from the North that the Wicked Behemoth was destroying cities. Word came sideways from the West, also."

"Terrald didn't have time to spend worrying about the battlements because his face was on fire."

"'We must head into Mountain Dewm.' Brags knew it would come to that. It still didn't stop him from shitting himself. He did so now."

"Her dress was elaborately decorated. There were flowers sewn in to the hem. She had a nice pair. Her necklace was made of diamonds."

"Surveying the battlefield after the ambush, Erik noted that there were a lot of wounded and dying. An owl hooed in a nearby tree."

"Wener held his dying captain. His captain coughed, blindly clawing at the arrow protruding from his chest. 'Is this an arrow?' he asked."

"He injected the memory probe into the port on the back of his head. He started his memory upload at 25 Kb/s, which is fast for memories."

"'A rhyming troll am I, you see,
A riddle or two or maybe three,
Answer and thru the locked door you pass,
Do you have a key-shaped mass?'"

"He rode his horse through the Swamp of the Undead so hard, it died. He then rode his zombie horse until it bucked him off and bit his leg."

"As the sunset painted the sky with color, Gyela noted the beautiful hues: orange, yellow, a goldish color, brown, and sun yellow."

"Pleppy the forest dwarf couldn't believe what he was seeing! Was it a man? Was it a beast? No, neither. It was a turtle."

"The dragon wasn't just breathing fire, it was also breathing acid. And also swords and knives. The queen noted that it sucked... royally."

"He ordered a coffee. A hologram promptly appeared and poured the holographic drink. He actually drank it because this was the future."

"She kept screaming, her voice echoing in the Spider's Lair. Webs vibrated from the frequency. They weren't the good kind of webs, either."

"The tiny rogue picked a gold coin from the ranger's pocket and made a show of pulling it out of his left ear. The rogue died a gory death."

"The machine stopped. Roger and his companion found themselves at the edge of eternity, but it wasn't really that cool if I'm being honest."

"Dwarves poured from the mountain pass like liquid beard."

"'Pass me the clay bowl.'
Vera did so.
'Thanks for the clay bowl, Vera.'
Vera nodded.
'Pass me the clay cup.'
Vera obliged.
'Thanks, Vera.'"

"The air was steamy from their sensual bath. Suddenly, Lareas realized her tub-mate was dead--murdered.There was a killer in their mist."

"The mountains covered the land around them like really big, pointy hills. The trees peppered the land like pepper but not actually pepper."

"The Giant Fire-Wyrm reminded Jaaira of her intestines: long, twisty and currently inside her stomach. She screamed a whole lot."

"The nano-dust cloud hung in the air. It looked like dust, but was made up of small robots. Everyone except the scientist was confused."

"'BOOM!' said the explosion. Joane dove for cover and landed hard. 'THUD!' screamed her landing."

"Ages and eons passed around BLOK-BLOK-23. Had he been a human he would have cried, but he was a robot and he didn't even care, ever."

"The men all drank frothy ale in the large dining hall, celebrating the killing of the cyclops and its innocent babies. Men are truly evil."

"They say he has a snake-tongue, not because he sows treachery and lies, but because he uses it to smell. That's Snakedor, the snake beast."

"The bell strikeths the hour," the old man intoned. The ringing made it hard to hear for werewolves. One snuck up and almost ate Edith.

"Grandpa gave a wink and we were whisked away to the land of Orboz to play with the gnomes! Grandpa died of anus cancer eight years later."

Once the giant serpent stopped wriggling, it shed all over the knight. Lonn then watched the knight die. The serpent was dead, too, now.

There were three sheer towers in the valley, foreboding and ominous. They called to me in whispers unheard. The one on the right was blue.

The silver ship sailed the tides of the ancient Numanora Sea, killing a hundred mermaids cause Captain Trem didn't read the 'no boats' sign.

Miles above the futuristic city, her spacecycle exploded and she fell. "Good thing I have a futuristic version of a parachute," she said.

The barbarian chuckled to himself as he flexed his biceps (which are located in his chest because he's an alien).

"Blood poured from Mering's mouth as he fell. Luckily, Mering was a vampire and it wasn't his blood; it was from the guy he was sucking."

"'Leave him,' the prince whispered. 'I wish to destroy him from the face down.' The guy he was talking about was really scared."

"Suzana Lobgate conjured a magnificent, red-colored spell for the charging troll. She then cast the red-colored spell on it and it died."

"Light erupted from the forest sanctuary like erupting light is wont to do."

"Tegras was allergic to dragon scales so his armor wasn't as good as Norta's. So, he tried to make up for it by learning a second language."

"'Take this ship into light-speed!' He tried to sound confident, but he was as terrified as a Hijga Worm emerging from a nest of Florg."

"A Dargon suddenly flew out from behind the mountain. Hailyas noted it looked similar to a Dragon, but not nearly as cliché."

"The severed Groblin head rolled, stopping near a pile of dung. Its face was frozen in an expression of fear and grossed out."

